Acer	Acer Aspire E E1-570 Notebook -3rd Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -NX-MHASI-001- -Red-	never buy Acer they are worst products, don't have options for "0", else wise would have gave -ve 0 to this product.	
Acer	Acer Aspire E E1-570 Notebook -3rd Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -NX-MHASI-001- -Red-	price is 2 much...and very poor service worst products in all laptop series never buy. speaker are very poor ....low battery back up.. dull screen	
Acer	Acer Aspire E5-571 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Linux- -NX-MLTSI-003- -Titanium SIlver-	This laptop is slim laptop and the performance is also good. Ubuntu in virtual box run very well. Best buy for 27000	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	>Integrated GPU with processor=APU ...its a quad core cpu clocked at 2.0 ghz >USB 3.0 and card reader >OPTICAL DRIVE >4 GB DDR3 RAM expandable to 8 GB ..P.S 2 slots are already used so either remove one or both to add more memory	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	Best laptop...works smooth....but battery backup is somewhat not upto the mark....nd the rest is awesome....its a gaming laptop....jst can't find words....its the best laptop under 30000....jst luv this laptop...guys do buy dis.....its worth the price....luv Acer	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	Device is working perfect, though the battery back up is not upto the mark apart from that everything is perfect. And your Customer Service is fantastic.	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	I got my Acer laptop within three days First and Foremost very good service from the seller WS Retailand Flipkart, they also gave me a bag everything was in perfect condition I am still getting the hang of it, the Laptop E1-522 is very sleek and the fans rarely make noise at all, you get linux upfront have the choice to upgrade to Windows 7 (legacy Bios) or Windows 8.1 (UEFI/Secure Boot) .Both OS run very well although windows 8.1 is faster, Acer is very generous they leave a single empty slot for you to upgrade memory should you want to upto 8 GB, the processor A6 5200 Quad core has no lag v… I got my Acer laptop within three days First and Foremost very good service from the seller WS Retailand Flipkart, they also gave me a bag everything was in perfect condition I am still getting the hang of it, the Laptop E1-522 is very sleek and the fans rarely make noise at all, you get linux upfront have the choice to upgrade to Windows 7 (legacy Bios) or Windows 8.1 (UEFI/Secure Boot) .Both OS run very well although windows 8.1 is faster, Acer is very generous they leave a single empty slot for you to upgrade memory should you want to upto 8 GB, the processor A6 5200 Quad core has no lag very smooth operation.( must install all the drivers that are required from the Acer website). it is faster than core i3 4rth gen I have become an AMD convert they offer performance laptops at decent prices, the chiclet keyboard is an added plus along with a touchpad which is equipped with gestures (Win 7 & Win 8.1) battery backup is decent with around 4 hrs of regular usage standby times extend upto 6 hrs.over all a Must Buy!!! if you wish to get good performance at a decent price . (Expand)	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	If you would want a laptop that is not either in the high range or low range laptops then do go for this one. I compared the processor benchmarks and saw that this was a quite a decent laptop for its price and in this range. Acer is smart enough to provide a linux based laptop because the version of Linux that it provides does not have a graphical interface and they prefer to sell Windows 8 since a normal user would not understand how to use a command line linux laptop Rest, the product is good in its range with its good mouse pad features that includes 2 fnger scrolling and pinch zooming.	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	Installed LUbuntu over this, but compared to the Development Applications installed to run over this seems to run slow which shouldn't have been the case even though there are 4 four cores running around. The keyboard and touchpad aren't a great one. Except for the performance, speakers sound best	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	This is my first review on Flipkart. Normally I buy a product after going through many reviews. Like I brought a nexus tablet a year back under 10000, then went for a Moto G & recently brought a Huwai Honor Jolly for 6999. I got this product for 19500 (3000 cash back). Absolutely no problem with this product. Great surround sound, 4GB Ram makes working smooth. Friends get surprised when I tell them its a 20000 product. Go for it any day.	
Acer	Acer E1-522 -NX-M81SI-010- Laptop -APU Quad Core A6- 4GB- 500GB- Linux- -Black-	it is the best laptop below 25k , it's design is fantastic, thinner and good keyboard and performance wise a6 processor is better than i3 processor and also it's having 512 mb graphic card, in order to install windows8 from cd or pendrive you should change boot settings from uhfi mode to legacy mode, i had a bit problem first day installing but after i figured that i should change boot settings no problem with it	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	Dealer : For some unknown reasons changing its name from Cstore to joyfulldeals to cdeals. Although the dealer says its a full hd ips display, but its not its a hd led backlit lcd display with very good brightness. Processor : Its more than enough for average users. But still not enough for users like me who wants to do some simulation work. GPU : Well its an old gpu but still very powerful. Better than 840m or atleast in no way less than 840m. Display : Already said about the display technology used. Its a very good displ… Dealer : For some unknown reasons changing its name from Cstore to joyfulldeals to cdeals. Although the dealer says its a full hd ips display, but its not its a hd led backlit lcd display with very good brightness. Processor : Its more than enough for average users. But still not enough for users like me who wants to do some simulation work. GPU : Well its an old gpu but still very powerful. Better than 840m or atleast in no way less than 840m. Display : Already said about the display technology used. Its a very good display with very good brightness and contrast. I have seen those hp displays and its a lot better than those. You would not be disappointed. Install proper latest nvidia drivers and you will see the difference. Ports : No VGA port but an acer connecter port cable comes along with the laptop which allows you to connect ur laptop to VGA. Also there is a usb 3.0 port which is not mentioned here. Design : almost 5mm slimmer that average laptops like lenovo z50-70. Great design. Its very light and sleek. Beautiful design. Usb 2.0 ports one on left and other on right. And usb 3.0 at back. So no worries about usb devices getting stuck with each other. Also the heat exhaust outlets are at the back. So when u are using a mouse the heat flow wont disturb you or cause you any inconvenience. You have metal finish at top and a very solid design. It feels great in ur hands. Keyboard : Good but the buttons height in not good so you feel a little awkward at the beginning but u will get use to it. No sound and very comfortable for long typing sessions. Touchpad : Disappointed at first but after installing proper driver works good. Sound : WOW. .....very good and not cheap at all. it has a non removable battery. Some users have a problem with that but that seems perfectly fine to me. Best part I liked was that you can open the back panel of the laptop and everything from fans to hdd to mobo, wifi everything is easy accessible. So upgrading ram, adding an ssd(oh yes you can add a ssd) cleaning fans is very easy. All in all I would say that you cannot get i7 +750m+great ultra thin design at just 43000rs. I played gta V at high setting at hd resolution with 40-60 fps. I would highly recomend this laptop, a laptop of this configuration you cannot get even at 55000rs. Its so less priced because it was launched in late 2013, but still a beast and can leave behind most newer models of 50000rs range. And also users who are having trouble installing windows on it, just change the boot setting to legacy and boot priority first for usb hdd and then use usb with windows installation. Hope this helps. (Expand)	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	Good Lappi with awesome features. I Have used one of my friends Acer lappi and i found it amazing. Graphics are so cool. 8gb Ram makes every thing so easy and smooth	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	If you want value for money, you clicked it right . A must have product. Good to go! A great product from flipkart as usual. This is what makes flipkart the best e-commerce portal. Acer Notebook Aspire V5 core i7 is a must have!	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	It took me a lot of extensive search/research. In this price range, it is rare to find a laptop with an i7 processor with a dedicated graphic card(NOT usual built-in Intel HD graphics). This is a tremendously powerful machine. The dual-core, dual hyper-threading Intel i7 with an automatic clock capable of 3.0GHz combined with a proper nVidia GT750M chip with 4096MB of dedicated memory allows this ultrathin notebook perform like a competitive gaming laptop when you want, but saves power when you need it. The 4 speakers on each corner are both loud and clear, but don't expect the low end soun… It took me a lot of extensive search/research. In this price range, it is rare to find a laptop with an i7 processor with a dedicated graphic card(NOT usual built-in Intel HD graphics). This is a tremendously powerful machine. The dual-core, dual hyper-threading Intel i7 with an automatic clock capable of 3.0GHz combined with a proper nVidia GT750M chip with 4096MB of dedicated memory allows this ultrathin notebook perform like a competitive gaming laptop when you want, but saves power when you need it. The 4 speakers on each corner are both loud and clear, but don't expect the low end sound that all laptops inherently lack. It does come with a robust Dolby software application with services that run in background to make most of the hardware. The battery is not removable. Should you feel the need to completely power cycle the machine, there is a small button that disconnects the circuit. I rather like the lack of exposed crevices for dust enter, and the battery life is impressive, due in no small part to the additional hardware to support very efficient on-the-go operation. The battery works pretty good too for a system of this built. It comes with 4 cell Li-ion battery and can give uninterrupted service for up to 7 hours. The backlit keyboard makes it even more fantastic while browsing and playing games. The laptop is thin and elegant for having such good specs. Nevertheless, I would recommend this device . For the price you get excellent performance. (Expand)	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	Light weight, Superfast... This device is just better than the Best ! Decent look and elegant design makes it best for business use as well as Personal use... I m loving it !	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	NO CD/DVD Drive NO OS NON Removable Battery Purchase only if u do not want extended warranty including above.performance is good but lacking/compromised at many features.	
Acer	Acer Notebook Aspire V5 Series Intel Core i7 -4th Gen- - -15-6 inch-1 TB HDD-8 GB DDR3-Linux- Notebook -Black-	When I ordered this Laptop, the description said Display Resolution as 1920x1080. But few days after I ordered it changed to 1366x768. Now after receiving the delivery I can say that its 1366x768 and its a normal glaring display as opposed to 'non-glare Full HD IPS display'.	
Acer	Acer One S1001 Atom Quad Core -4th Gen- - -10-1 inch-500 GB HDD-2 GB DDR3 Netbook -SIlver-	I'm writing this review after 1 month of usage. I brought it from a renowned mobile shop( I am not mentioning the name here) and now it is performing perfectly(Actually more than perfectly...).. Here i'm mentioning pros and cons of this product.. It's bright sides are: 1. Superbbb Camera. Both the front and back cameras are great. It has toooo many sensors for camera, like palm sensor for selfies and also some Voice commands!!! 2. Screen quality is excellent and the screen size is also awesome. 3. The CPU and RAM is perfect for hardcore gaming, multitasking and net browsing without a single la… I'm writing this review after 1 month of usage. I brought it from a renowned mobile shop( I am not mentioning the name here) and now it is performing perfectly(Actually more than perfectly...).. Here i'm mentioning pros and cons of this product.. It's bright sides are: 1. Superbbb Camera. Both the front and back cameras are great. It has toooo many sensors for camera, like palm sensor for selfies and also some Voice commands!!! 2. Screen quality is excellent and the screen size is also awesome. 3. The CPU and RAM is perfect for hardcore gaming, multitasking and net browsing without a single lag. 4. The look of this phone is great.. 5. The battery is the best at this price tag. 6. the touch is also soooo responsive... The one and only dark side of this phone is the sound is not so loud but enough for regular use ( I think Soy has the best sound quality.) And the in the box accessories like the usb cable and headphone are not good...... Otherwise it is the best phone... (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	At first I was very scared to order from flipkart because I was scared that faulty or refurbished product would be sent to me however I finally ordered(keeping my fingers crossed). I was happy to receive the product 2 days in advance from the actual date. I was very happy that i got a new laptop, neatly packed. I now have more faith in WS Retail. Laptops specs are already mentioned, so i will not be writing anything about it.. I am rating it 4 star.. would have rated it 5 if I would have received laptop made in the recent past. My laptop was made in mid 2012 but it works like cream.... I am… At first I was very scared to order from flipkart because I was scared that faulty or refurbished product would be sent to me however I finally ordered(keeping my fingers crossed). I was happy to receive the product 2 days in advance from the actual date. I was very happy that i got a new laptop, neatly packed. I now have more faith in WS Retail. Laptops specs are already mentioned, so i will not be writing anything about it.. I am rating it 4 star.. would have rated it 5 if I would have received laptop made in the recent past. My laptop was made in mid 2012 but it works like cream.... I am writing this review after using it for more than a month.. :) Regards, (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	Found it brand new. Working well. Upgraded Ram @ 7000 for 8gb. Cannot use 4gb memory present inside as they were 2*2gb and this laptop has only 2 slots for memory. Battery backup is suspicious. Else all good.	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	I bought this product 3 years ago.But I want to share my experience. 1. I never had to re install OS ...Its true No virus had ever breached the software...Not required any anti virus programmes.Best feature is that it is too compatable with windows app..Sply Microsoft Office designed for Mac... 2. I had sat for almost 8 hours non stop on the screen working or watching movies every day...never felt that my eyes got tired... 3.Its display clarity beyond match with any other laptops 4.Sound clarity and volume level also unmatched .... 5.Very light weight compared to other laptops with same size.… I bought this product 3 years ago.But I want to share my experience. 1. I never had to re install OS ...Its true No virus had ever breached the software...Not required any anti virus programmes.Best feature is that it is too compatable with windows app..Sply Microsoft Office designed for Mac... 2. I had sat for almost 8 hours non stop on the screen working or watching movies every day...never felt that my eyes got tired... 3.Its display clarity beyond match with any other laptops 4.Sound clarity and volume level also unmatched .... 5.Very light weight compared to other laptops with same size. 6.Superb fingers coordination with touch pad....sply with four fingers movement at a time you can view all most 6 different application running with high speed...many more features but space do not permit me to .... Worth Spending money...I have fallen flat for this product.... (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	I got mine just 5 days ago for Diwali. I did a lot if research behind these macbooks and found that the current gen Macbook Retina have no scope of upgradeability. You are stuck with what you buy. The base model with 8GB Ram and 128GB SSD. There is basically nothing you could do with such a config. This macbook you can upgrade the RAM to 16GB, have the 500GB hard-drive, if needed remove the DVD drive and install a secondary SSD for the OS. Wonderful right? It is a sad thing what apple is doing with its laptops by not making them upgradeable. If you are looking to buy one without having a hug… I got mine just 5 days ago for Diwali. I did a lot if research behind these macbooks and found that the current gen Macbook Retina have no scope of upgradeability. You are stuck with what you buy. The base model with 8GB Ram and 128GB SSD. There is basically nothing you could do with such a config. This macbook you can upgrade the RAM to 16GB, have the 500GB hard-drive, if needed remove the DVD drive and install a secondary SSD for the OS. Wonderful right? It is a sad thing what apple is doing with its laptops by not making them upgradeable. If you are looking to buy one without having a huge hole in your pocket, just buy it. Yes, it is outdated but it will still do justice. You will not regret. Thanks. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	I ordered on 24th December with in-a-day guarantee and got it the very next day on Christmas. A quick edit on the specs: The OS offered is Mountain Lion (10.8.3) not Lion (10.7) with a free upgrade to OS X Mavericks (10.9). User Experience: All those Windows users, reluctant to changeover and think that Apple is just another elite brand asking too much for a low-spec laptop, just try once. I guarantee that you won't be disappointed with MacBook Pro. You have to use it to get acquainted with this amazing piece of technology and then you will definitely appreciate and love it. Different f… I ordered on 24th December with in-a-day guarantee and got it the very next day on Christmas. A quick edit on the specs: The OS offered is Mountain Lion (10.8.3) not Lion (10.7) with a free upgrade to OS X Mavericks (10.9). User Experience: All those Windows users, reluctant to changeover and think that Apple is just another elite brand asking too much for a low-spec laptop, just try once. I guarantee that you won't be disappointed with MacBook Pro. You have to use it to get acquainted with this amazing piece of technology and then you will definitely appreciate and love it. Different from Windows: One cannot really explain in depth that how Apple is different from Windows laptops. One can make points of difference, tell you advantages/disadvantages; but once you start using it you will not feel going back to Windows ever again. I can tell you this for sure from my experience as I have been using the MacBook Pro for past 3 years and bought myself another this Christmas. Just Go For It. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	I rate this product 5/5. It is an absolute value for money deal. People working in editing department would prefer Retina but I as a student am satisfied with what my parents spent onto. It is the last upgradable version of the MacBook Pro with Optical Disk Drive and many other slots. At such an affordable price this MacBook is a must go for. To People thinking about 4GB RAM and Ci5: This is an upgradable model who's RAM could be increased to 16GB. This device would work for you the whole life. Talking about the Win vs Mac debate: Mac wins because it is much more user-friendly, fast and never … I rate this product 5/5. It is an absolute value for money deal. People working in editing department would prefer Retina but I as a student am satisfied with what my parents spent onto. It is the last upgradable version of the MacBook Pro with Optical Disk Drive and many other slots. At such an affordable price this MacBook is a must go for. To People thinking about 4GB RAM and Ci5: This is an upgradable model who's RAM could be increased to 16GB. This device would work for you the whole life. Talking about the Win vs Mac debate: Mac wins because it is much more user-friendly, fast and never catches virus unlike Windows. Even the Mac could be upgraded at home. It comes preloaded with Yosemite though. The trackpad is something out of this world people who use mouse with their laptops after using it's trackpad would forget about it. The display is very good and the sound is way better than HP's. Good Battery Life, I used it for around 7hours continuous and 12% is still left that mens approximately an hour more. backlit keyboard and logo , best things ever. Last but not the least, Hey I have a Mac! ;) (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	I've Bought this one recently, not from India but from Japan... The pricing that flipkart offers is quite cheap as its original price is around 90k. Well to tell about the product, it is a 2012 non retina model which has a 8x superdrive and an ethernet port which are terribly useful for anyone. While the new models which have Retina display neglects these ones and are also priced heavy, so you have to get them externally with additional money which is bad. Well what is the use of laptops which are premium but don't have necessary hardware? Everyone is so obsessed with retina display becoz of… I've Bought this one recently, not from India but from Japan... The pricing that flipkart offers is quite cheap as its original price is around 90k. Well to tell about the product, it is a 2012 non retina model which has a 8x superdrive and an ethernet port which are terribly useful for anyone. While the new models which have Retina display neglects these ones and are also priced heavy, so you have to get them externally with additional money which is bad. Well what is the use of laptops which are premium but don't have necessary hardware? Everyone is so obsessed with retina display becoz of the bright and striking screen, good processing speed as they are based on flash storage, but take a beating on basic features like dvd drive and ethernet ports and battery life.... Its better to go with this model rather than choosing retinas, if money is ur concern, but for all the others who are easy on your pocket u may proceed with retinas and of course buying additional external accessories from apple. PROS: * Sturdy and beautiful * Good steady battery life( when i used it came upto more or less 6 hours of continous usage like watching videos and just browsing) * Trackpad is amazing. * Nice screen (though its a non retina model, its good) * Good quality camera. Great for video chats. * Virus free OS ( no need to worry about virus threats). * It is upgradable( RAM, Hard disk etc can be upgraded while the retinas are not). * Stereo speakers are good, with a slight amount of bass hanging around songs which cannot be heard from other laptops. * The Headphone port supports earphone with mic.( i tried my sony earphones with mic which to my surprise worked and u can directly speak through the earphone's mic). CONS: * Processing speed is average as what you would expect from an i5 with 4 gb RAM. * Graphics are mediocre, only medium resolution games can be played because of the Intel HD 4000 graphics which has only 512 MB memory( seriously not for Gameboys). * The two USB 3.0 ports are placed one close to another, u can't use two devices at a time unless it is very small without the body. * Little bulky than retina models but less when compared to other brands. Other than these i have no concern with the MBP and i truly love it. Finally this one is not for professionals( like video editers etc) who look to extract maximum performance related to their work but a GOOD laptop for medium users and casual users( Students,etc)... BUT it packs lot of features for which i am satisfied.... They are proving it(Apple) and this piece is worth every bit of your money and u will surely admire it............... (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	If this is your first mac, you'd love every aspect of it. Bit heavy to carry around but good purchase overall. I do miss the MS office though as pages, keynote etc. aren't good, will order it separately.	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	It's an amazing machine to use. It's good for normal users but if you are a programmer or a designer than be ready to burn out your pocket for extra 8000rs as it comes with 2 slots of Ram 2 GB each so you would have to buy extra 2 Rams of 4 GB each.	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	Looks features & Specification Brilliant at this pricing & more over you are getting "THE MACBOOK", anyway for me this laptop works out to be best. and the specifications mentioned on Flipkart hardly matters... google it and you get the exact configuration. This laptop is worth every penny you spend on it.	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	Really good laptop for the price, beats Windows any day! I've been a windows user before this, and I only wish I had switched over to Mac earlier. It's a wonderful to use, and adds the luxury factor in any room! I am in	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	This is the exact product which i got around 2 months back, this is not a retina display but ppl for whom this is the first macbook, they ll surely love tis. ppl who love mac and those who use laptop just to use as a browser, music player and for watching movies can definitely go for this. The picture clarity and the sound clarity is really amazing. I actually tried the beats headset wit this macbook and its was just awesome. ppl who are professional is not advisable, cause its a low end specs. it ll be really hard for u to work in final cut pro, aperture, sound logic, etc. afterall 4 gb ram… This is the exact product which i got around 2 months back, this is not a retina display but ppl for whom this is the first macbook, they ll surely love tis. ppl who love mac and those who use laptop just to use as a browser, music player and for watching movies can definitely go for this. The picture clarity and the sound clarity is really amazing. I actually tried the beats headset wit this macbook and its was just awesome. ppl who are professional is not advisable, cause its a low end specs. it ll be really hard for u to work in final cut pro, aperture, sound logic, etc. afterall 4 gb ram and no graphics doest makes it professional. If you the guy needs a laptop and u should stand from other means this is the best one. u ll really love it compared to the windows laptop series. except for the price:P (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	Very disappointed with this seller, flipkart has to take actions on these FARJI sellers, its been 4 days, no processing, i have tried contacting flipkart Customer Support NO REPLY. giving 1star because no provision for giving negative stars, my fellow buyers do not buy anything from this seller not even a product of 100Rs. A message to Flipkart : if this is your quality with vendors then you guys are putting down your standards, Flipkart is known for quick service and response.	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	nice one, stylish, no hang, extraordinary trackpad features only in apple, can convert pages into word , numbers into ppt, also pdf.... much useful for professionals, any web pages into pdf... small 13 inch but compatible, nice charging ( magnetic ) & nice keyboard ( nigh… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD101HN-A Macbook Pro MD101HN-A Intel Core i5 - -33-78 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Mac OS- -SIlver-	you have mentioned the specification wrongly, please do change it, or some customer would file a suit against you, don't break your reputation yourself. but this product is a great one, i have been using it for more than 1 year, great to use and love it. mac book buyers, initially you would face some effort, because everyone is used with cramped windows, but soon you would start hating windows, and love this great product.	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	1. Nice buy at 45k. 2. Reminds me of the apple iPad i used to own earlier. 3. Doesn't heat up at all. 4. Used it for almost 5 hours straight and it works flawleslly. 5. My wife is jealous that i got this product and not concentrating on her as of now ;) :P	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	At this price this is a steal ... I have a 13 inch MacBook Air and it is fantastic....sure that 11' is the same goodness at a great price	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	First up, hats off to Flipkart's service. Getting the product at the deal price was something special. And to top it, the product was delivered within 12 hours! Owning a macbook air has been a long time dream, and am thoroughly enjoying living it!	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I don't think I need to describe the MacBook Air (MBA) at this point in time. Why? For a very simple reason that those who are considering buying an MBA already know a lot about it. If you have NEVER used any other notebook then, I feel, you will not really appreciate how well the MBA is designed and built. But, if you have used other notebooks, then within moments of opening the MBA box, you will realize that this is a piece of art, nothing less, nothing more. In fact, even the box looks like a piece of art. Everything feels "almost" perfect. At first, my heart sank when I saw a chiclet ke… I don't think I need to describe the MacBook Air (MBA) at this point in time. Why? For a very simple reason that those who are considering buying an MBA already know a lot about it. If you have NEVER used any other notebook then, I feel, you will not really appreciate how well the MBA is designed and built. But, if you have used other notebooks, then within moments of opening the MBA box, you will realize that this is a piece of art, nothing less, nothing more. In fact, even the box looks like a piece of art. Everything feels "almost" perfect. At first, my heart sank when I saw a chiclet keyboard. I hate chicklet keyboards. But, the keyboard on an MBA is so FANTASTICALLY different compared to all the chiclet keyboards from other PC manufacturers that it is inexplicable. You have to experience it to believe it. The MBA chiclet keyboard is without doubt the best typing instrument. Fantastic! Using this MBA suddenly made me realize how "way back in time" we are in the Linux-on-desktop (er, Ubuntu) world. And let's not even talk about Windows 8. Mac OS X made me realize how PATHETIC Windows 8.1 is/has-become. Just my thought, so don't flame me if you love Windows 8. All I can say is: Thanks Jonny Ive. Thanks Tim Cook. Thanks (late) Steve Jobs. And Thanks to the entire Apple team for producing such a masterpiece. Only major con I can think of is that this is mind-blowingly costly! Let me say this openly: if you are looking for "value for money" notebook then this is NOT the notebook you should buy. Within this price range you can easily get a (quad-core) Core i7 with (minimum) 8GB of RAM and maybe a tera-byte of HDD. You might even find "full-hd" display, if you search the nooks-n-crannies of the web. But, if you want an MBA, then there's only one! And this is it! :) Minor cons I can think of: #1: Apple's keyboard is all messed up! They have 4 different meta keys that don't function like the "Control, Alt, Windows and Windows-Options" keys on a regular PC keyboard. With reference to these meta-keys, Microsoft and the PC world win ... clearly! In the Apple case, there seems to be a lot of confusion between "Control and Command/Apple" keys. As an example: To go to the start of a line in a terminal you have to use Control-A, but, select-All is with Command/Apple-key A. In fact, the "control" key in Apple is practically useless if you are not a terminal person. This keys hullabaloo and weirdness is going to take some time getting used to. #2: The iCloud integration seems a bit too tight in this version of OS X (10.9.2 as it came on the MBA and 10.9.4, after a 1GB update from Apple). And if you get the settings wrong, then iCloud will pester you to enter your credit card info. I think I had to switch off my screen saver and some other things to fix that. Again, weird!! #3: All the hand-waving you can do on the MBA trackpad is "kinda" crazy! :) So, I just picked up Dell mouse and I am using that with the MBA. Thankfully, the MBA recognizes that mouse and allows me to use both the right and left keys. Also, the MBA system preferences has the option to switch off the internal trackpad when an external mouse is connected, so that makes life a little simpler. BTW, for those who may NOT be aware of it, this is the early-2014 model even though Flipkart is not saying that on their MBA page. That 711 indiciates this is a 11" MBA. And the trailing "/B" indicates it is an early 2014 model. 2013 models have a trailing "/A". The apple support page confirmed this. About Flipkart service: got it in a day! :) In conclusion: I am almost a "convert" to the "Apple" religion. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I just love my MacBook Air. Nothing Can be compared to the happiness of owing a Mac. I am writing this review within an hour of owing it. If you want to experience something great, undoubtedly out of this world, go get your self a Mac. This is my only Recommendation to all the prospective buyers out there. LOVE YOU APPLE	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I'm writing this review on my new MacBook Air after a good 4 days of use. And I have to say, it feels awesome. The kind of ergonomic finish you get on this 52k laptop may never be seen on even 70k laptops of other brands. The aluminium unibody is light and cold, believe me when I say it but the whole body is a heatsink! And the keyboard and trackpad, well there are unmatched. It has a huge trackpad with a touch as smooth and responsive as that of an iPhone. The backlit keyboard is just a beauty to behold. And the whole MacBook is probably slimmer than your phone! :) Moving on to the specs, th… I'm writing this review on my new MacBook Air after a good 4 days of use. And I have to say, it feels awesome. The kind of ergonomic finish you get on this 52k laptop may never be seen on even 70k laptops of other brands. The aluminium unibody is light and cold, believe me when I say it but the whole body is a heatsink! And the keyboard and trackpad, well there are unmatched. It has a huge trackpad with a touch as smooth and responsive as that of an iPhone. The backlit keyboard is just a beauty to behold. And the whole MacBook is probably slimmer than your phone! :) Moving on to the specs, they're NOT AT ALL BAD. It runs a Dual Core Hyperthreaded i5 so you get ~Quad Core performance. But the main turnoff is that 4 GB RAM may not be enough for everyone but it was not and option although in so many other laptops you get the same amount of RAM. SSD is mind-blowing and as soon as you turn it on for the first time, you'll realise that pretty quickly and never go back to HDD again. The camera and internal microphone will satisfy all your basic needs well. The small display requires getting a little used to. I has a 15.6 inch toshiba before and it seems like a giant to me now. So if your work require you to have some screen space(like professional graphic designing, video editing etc), do yourself a favour and get the 13 inch Air or if you're cheap and relatively not that rich like me, get the 11 inch, get used to full screen apps and never go back! The small display has the same resolution you see on so many 50k 15 inch laptops so you get a high ppi of 143! ;) Now moving on the OS, IT'S AWESOME!!! OS X was the main reason I got a Mac in the first place, tried installing it on my previous laptop but it never felt right. The trackpad gestures are so convenient and it's so fluid and smooth. Flipkart thank for the 12 hr delivery! I could never be this happy with any purchase! (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	It was dream to own this beauty. Bought it on the Big Billion day and got it for around 43k after giving away my old HP laptop. I got 5k for the old laptop. It is working superb without any problem. You should go for it :)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	It was worth buying mac air @ 49990, OS X Mavericks does it all.... thanks i switched over to Mac. The most unique feature is its battery life apart from well known mac features	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Kudos to Flipkart for its sending this charm my way with such a sweet deal. I almost missed it on the Billion Day sale but Flipkart did the unthinkable and sent it finally after cancelling the order initially. They asked for a weeks delay but ultimately sent it without delay. The packaging was very reliable as always. I paid just 49,990/- :-D I was wanting to buy the bigger retina screen MacBook with i7 and all the chops but was hesitating due to the steep price (what else? :-p) I gave in to this deal just because it was so nice: almost 25% on the best market price on a hot-selling Apple pro… Kudos to Flipkart for its sending this charm my way with such a sweet deal. I almost missed it on the Billion Day sale but Flipkart did the unthinkable and sent it finally after cancelling the order initially. They asked for a weeks delay but ultimately sent it without delay. The packaging was very reliable as always. I paid just 49,990/- :-D I was wanting to buy the bigger retina screen MacBook with i7 and all the chops but was hesitating due to the steep price (what else? :-p) I gave in to this deal just because it was so nice: almost 25% on the best market price on a hot-selling Apple product!! I don't regret buying this fairy a bit. In fact I am writing this review using it :-) This is my first Mac, so still a student, but I promise I won't take long before moving to the command-line, refreshing my long-forgotten Unix (in the Linux world). My biggest fear was with the screen compared to the Retina displays on the one I wanted to buy, but I am not able to spot the difference till now. In fact, I am finding the smaller screen very sufficient. This is a big surprise to me too as I am currently using a 14" laptop running Linux but find it lacking. The colours are sharp, resolution sufficient. The best part is the lightness and slimness when I hold it in my hand!! The battery is great too, running more than the advertised 9 hours on all occasions till now. The rest is of course as expected from any Apple product, awesome. Thank you Flipkart for such a sweet deal :-D (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Performance, Class Design and elegance Speaks About APPLE. Trackpad apparently envisaged how to use. Appropriate Invasion in Front Camera takes VC to The VC	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Was about 15% cheaper than Apple Store price. Slim, easy to carry around like an iPad and the battery life is also good. Flipkart delivered it in less than 24hours.	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Well no doubt , the mac air is quite an accessory to hold in your hand. its light weight makes it just another portable cell phone or tablet for that matter but all spoken for its aesthetics, I do feel the mac OS that runs her lacks certain nuances for an easy experience. People often counterpoint that its the late switching from windows to MAC that makes you feel so. But if you are a good observer, you will make out the little comfort and ease built in windows. And I am not talking about the multi touch trackpad and all. All is good but the juice in this OS just doesn't pass smooth down your… Well no doubt , the mac air is quite an accessory to hold in your hand. its light weight makes it just another portable cell phone or tablet for that matter but all spoken for its aesthetics, I do feel the mac OS that runs her lacks certain nuances for an easy experience. People often counterpoint that its the late switching from windows to MAC that makes you feel so. But if you are a good observer, you will make out the little comfort and ease built in windows. And I am not talking about the multi touch trackpad and all. All is good but the juice in this OS just doesn't pass smooth down your throat. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Well no doubt , the mac air is quite an accessory to hold in your hand. its light weight makes it just another portable cell phone or tablet for that matter but all spoken for its aesthetics, I do feel the mac OS that runs her lacks certain nuances for an easy experience. People often counterpoint t… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	not even able to get the screen size by ur description provided. Please improve the content. I tried to look for Mac book Air, but am not able to decide upon the model using this site. Just because the content are very limited and dont even cover the minimum required info. I would call it as jsu the few initial details are copied from the suppliers website.	
Apple	Apple MD711HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	not even able to get the screen size by ur description provided. Please improve the content. I tried to look for Mac book Air, but am not able to decide upon the model using this site. Just because the content are very limited and dont even cover the minimum required info. I would call it as jsu the… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD712HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 256 GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I just want to say it is "Perfect" very slim, so much light weight, attractive Ci5/4GB/256GB & Mac OS X Mavericks nice configuration I am going to add Windows 8.1 also have option for me (working with both) feels proud to own this....! Flipkart gr8 job! delivered in just 19 hours!	
Apple	Apple MD712HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 256 GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I received my MAC BOOK AIR today,delivered within 3 days of ordering the product.The delivery was 100% safe and very satisfactory. the package was so protective and safe. As known and expected the lappy was stunning and astonishing inside the package .. once switched on it was ready to work with and the guidelines mentioned with the handbook was helpful in setting up the system.. thanku	
Apple	Apple MD712HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 256 GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Just Awesome. I have nothing to say more about this product. Happy to be a MAC user :) and no more crappy Windows... NEVER :(	
Apple	Apple MD712HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 256 GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	The model of laptop I was looking for was not available anywhere in the stores. But I found this on Flipkart with these guys. I called up and doubled checked with them as the amount was big. I got my laptop in perfect condition and as they committed it for. The delivery was well in time. Cheers!	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Everything is perfect... just 128GB SSD is bit low..but thats not an issue.. only major problem MBA dont have LAN Port	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Except Low disk space nothing much to review.. Else its Lego song "Everything Is AWESOME!!!". Though disk is low you will get unmatched performance.	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Got this in a one day promised delivery and so Happy with the way I receive. Thanks to flipKart. Apple will definitely hit Indian Market for sure in MacBooks. Don't waste Huge money in ULTRABOOKS!! Just go with this Laptop blindly. Superb config, Battery backup was awesome which is more than 10hrs in avg. Pros: Stereo Sound, Less weight, Display Clarity, Handling, Performance Cons: New user to Macbook need to learn to use.	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I did not buy this product from Flipkart, so this review is not a commentary on their delivery or quality. My review is for the laptop itself, not Flipkart. As I said in the title -- this is the best everyday use laptop money can buy! Yes, it is probably on the expensive side, but the quality of the product far outstrips anything else available in the market. The battery life is absolutely amazing, the screen looks great and it is reasonably fast. It is probably somewhat under-powered, but for this form-factor that is expected. For your regular day-to-day usage, I doubt you will feel the lack… I did not buy this product from Flipkart, so this review is not a commentary on their delivery or quality. My review is for the laptop itself, not Flipkart. As I said in the title -- this is the best everyday use laptop money can buy! Yes, it is probably on the expensive side, but the quality of the product far outstrips anything else available in the market. The battery life is absolutely amazing, the screen looks great and it is reasonably fast. It is probably somewhat under-powered, but for this form-factor that is expected. For your regular day-to-day usage, I doubt you will feel the lack of performance. I bought the 13inch version mostly because of its slightly higher resolution than the 11inch version. Both of them are well under 1.5KG. Looking back, I wish I had bought the 256GB version since 128GB tends to get filled very fast with photographs and music. I am trying hard to think about some cons of this product, without much success! It is a great product -- go for it! (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I had been using windows since i know computers. Its been a wonderful change for me, though initially i was bit uncomfortable using OSX, but everyday i spend and explore, m more in love with MacBook. Totally worth money. Pros: 1. Looks awesome, classy 2. Lightweight, slim and s… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I have been using the Macbook Pro for quite some time. When I received this Macbook Air, the light weight and compact design simply amazed me. The pros: * Really compact and good screen size compared to 11 inch * Boots up really fast. Comes with a flash drive * Decent keyboard and trackpad size * Comes with basic software (iWork and iLife) to get you started * Seamlessly integrates with other Apple devices (Mac, iPhone, Apple TV, et al) Cons: * The flash size is small (128 GB), useable just over 100 GBs * For DVD users, need a super drive separately * AppleCare costs a bomb (3yrs warranty). 2… I have been using the Macbook Pro for quite some time. When I received this Macbook Air, the light weight and compact design simply amazed me. The pros: * Really compact and good screen size compared to 11 inch * Boots up really fast. Comes with a flash drive * Decent keyboard and trackpad size * Comes with basic software (iWork and iLife) to get you started * Seamlessly integrates with other Apple devices (Mac, iPhone, Apple TV, et al) Cons: * The flash size is small (128 GB), useable just over 100 GBs * For DVD users, need a super drive separately * AppleCare costs a bomb (3yrs warranty). 25 per cent of what I paid for this laptop * No ethernet - but not really a worry for me. * Screen resolution looks less having used the Macbook Pro (even the non-retina) * If you are a power user, the CPU and RAM are less. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	If you already own a Mac, there is nothing in this review for you. You might already be knowing the pros and cons. I write this for a Windows user considering Apple. DOES IT HEAT? Not at all. Unless you are playing games, this laptop does not heat. Send mails, write code, watch videos, make Skype video calls, all at once even, and it just keeps ever so slightly warm. SO HOW IS THE BATTERY? This is the best thing about it. With 30 day standby, 12 hours of usage with WiFi, 16 hours of video playback in flight mode, you will find nothing like it. I charge my laptop once every two days. If you’v… If you already own a Mac, there is nothing in this review for you. You might already be knowing the pros and cons. I write this for a Windows user considering Apple. DOES IT HEAT? Not at all. Unless you are playing games, this laptop does not heat. Send mails, write code, watch videos, make Skype video calls, all at once even, and it just keeps ever so slightly warm. SO HOW IS THE BATTERY? This is the best thing about it. With 30 day standby, 12 hours of usage with WiFi, 16 hours of video playback in flight mode, you will find nothing like it. I charge my laptop once every two days. If you’ve used Windows, laptops, you will find it very new to take your laptop to work/college with you without carrying a charger and knowing you’ll be ok. HOW IS WARRANTY? While the MRP is 74000, Flipkart and Amazon both offer it at a significant discount, compared to most stores. So you will hear things from places like Reliance Digital, Chroma etc like "Flipkart does not provide warranty", "not genuine" etc. This is a lie told for obvious reasons. Know that for any product, it is not the seller but the manufacturer who offers warranty. Every Macbook Air is sold with a serial number and you can check the expiry date of it on the Apple website. The retailer has nothing to do with it. However, you do get the 30 day replacement from Flipkart, which is a plus since you don't have to take it to a service centre. However, know that Apple service centres are excellent, far better than most other places in India, at least. I have first hand experience in this. HOW ARE THE SPECS? As for the product itself, if you compare the specs itself, you will find several better (superior specs at cheaper prices) alternatives from Windows. That is not why you buy this. If you want a portable machine however, then this is the thing for you. You do have portable Windows machines too (Dell XPS, Asus Zenbook, etc) which are also light and thin. However, interestingly, they cost more than the Macbook Air. This is the singular case where YOU GET A BETTER DEAL FROM APPLE. The Macbook Air is just as fast as its alternatives. IS THE MACBOOK AIR SLOW? Far from it, be assured of that. It has more than enough processing power and RAM for the average user. While companies may tell you that you will need that 8 GB RAM or an i7 processor, this is simply not true. You have everything you need right here. SO HOW IS IT FOR GAMING? It plays games quite fine. Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag runs with medium to low settings without issue. But if you want to buy this for serious gaming, let me advice you to look elsewhere. You are paying simply too much for too little. YOU CANNOT GET ULTRABOOKS AT THIS RANGE WHICH CAN BE USED FOR GAMING. If you want to play pre 2010 games, you’ll find it more than enough though. WHY APPLE? This is the real question many Windows users ask. While it is true that Apple costs more, if you want a portable yet powerful ultrabook, this is actually cheaper than the competition as of today. I am not yet sure why though. The operating system is simply better to use. Google “macbook trackpad gestures” to be impressed if you have never seen it. The after sales service in unmatched. The thing with most Apple products is that while it is not the best in any single specification (battery is the best there is though), overall, it beats all. It is the experience. Macbook simply works. ANY CONS? There are a couple of them. The battery and size has come at the cost of storage space (only 128 GB Solid State Drive, read about SSD if you don’t know what they are) and low processor clock speeds. It is fast enough for general use though. ANYTHING ELSE? Pretty much it. But here is a bit more. Hard disks cannot withstand mechanical shocks. Solid State Drives are more resilient. You can drop the Macbook and it still works, though you might dent the aluminium body. The screen is good for colour reproduction. But you can get higher resolution screens in Windows options (sometimes with poorer colour). You will not find the display bad though. Speakers are loud and mic is good. The design is beautiful. In closing, I want to say that I wrote this review on the Macbook Air. I lost only 3 percent in the half an hour it took to write this.. Battery is that good. Even if you buy it just for the battery, it is still worth it. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	It's the first time I've purchased an Apple product and I am fully satisfied. Pros: Design - The aluminium body is absolutely stunning. It feels so accurate and perfect. Backlit Keyboard - I don't think you get that with any other laptop. It's again, amazing. Typing, even in dark is so intuitive. Weight - 1.3 Kg, dude, that makes it ultra portable. Battery Backup - I have no clue how they've managed to do this. But it actually gives my 12 - 14 hours on a single charge! The last laptop I've been using was an HP Pavilion, it lasted barely for 3 hours. Temperature - You have to be a professiona… It's the first time I've purchased an Apple product and I am fully satisfied. Pros: Design - The aluminium body is absolutely stunning. It feels so accurate and perfect. Backlit Keyboard - I don't think you get that with any other laptop. It's again, amazing. Typing, even in dark is so intuitive. Weight - 1.3 Kg, dude, that makes it ultra portable. Battery Backup - I have no clue how they've managed to do this. But it actually gives my 12 - 14 hours on a single charge! The last laptop I've been using was an HP Pavilion, it lasted barely for 3 hours. Temperature - You have to be a professional to heat this thing up. IT DOES NOT HEAT UP! Operating System - I have been using Windows since now. So, I guess it will take some time to adjust to this one. However, it does not take much of an effort to get things done on Mac OS X too. And as a bonus, you can run Windows too using Boot Camp by Apple, in case you require. Well, there is nothing which disappointed me. Except for some of the issues related to warranty, of course. I had looked at this product on local stores like Tata Croma and Reliance Digital. They told me that I would not get 1 year warranty if I bought online from FlipKart or other stores. So, I called up Apple India customer care at their toll free number, provided on their site and they also said that I would not get the warranty. However, when I consulted the Apple authorised repair centres, they told me that they just require the proof of original purchase for the warranty. I wrote to FlipKart and got it on email that warranty will be provided from Apple. So, I made the purchase through FlipKart as they provided delivery to home and genuine product. Finally, credits to FlipKart for hassle free delivery. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Its totally a WOW experience owning a MacBook Air Super Fast Device Worth every single penny invested on this beauty Writing after use of 20 days You cannot compare MacBook with HP,Dell,Sony. This one is far far better than all those mentioned earlier. *It starts as soon as the Power button is pushed super fast speed. *Trackpad is soo good that You will love using it (You can really do a lot by using gestures) *One of the best features is "battery life" wooooow you can't ask for better 14hrs dedicated sometimes more. *Graphics are awesome *Keypad is very good to use as proper gap between … Its totally a WOW experience owning a MacBook Air Super Fast Device Worth every single penny invested on this beauty Writing after use of 20 days You cannot compare MacBook with HP,Dell,Sony. This one is far far better than all those mentioned earlier. *It starts as soon as the Power button is pushed super fast speed. *Trackpad is soo good that You will love using it (You can really do a lot by using gestures) *One of the best features is "battery life" wooooow you can't ask for better 14hrs dedicated sometimes more. *Graphics are awesome *Keypad is very good to use as proper gap between each Key helps you write easily *Backlit keyboard is an advantage to use you can adjust the brightness of backlit too. *Lightest and slimmest *Above all i brought this from Snapdeal @ price of Rs.56790(after applying some coupon code i got a discount of Rs3200 directly haha Lucky me) - Rs4000(Buy Back Scheme)= Rs52790 Nice Deal for me :) *The Only issue is 128GB SSD (which is super fast in terms of accessibility) but i think thats Good enough and in this era of External HDD that is more than sufficient. everything is just awesome in this machine.Nothing better than this exists :) So overall its extremely good. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	No doubt this mac book by apple is super slim, easy on go, better battery life, and good features. its worth the buy!	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	The Mac Book Air (MBA) lives up to its expectations. Thanks to the good offers from Flipkart, now working on the super sleek MBA and enjoying it. The product is very light as advertised and really mobile and portable. The 13 inch size makes it easy to work without any compromise on the experience. The product was delivered in the specified time and it has been a smooth experience with the purchase.	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	The macbook is classy piece by apple in terms of looks and performance. its battery backup at full usage with bluetooth and wi-fi is around 6 hours. Issues are with the apps where in the app store doesnt come to your rescue. Most of the well known games are paid and expensive. but in terms… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	This is my first Apple product. All these days I did not buy Apple products because of the higher price tag. Believe me, those few extra thousand rupees you spend on this Macbook Air is worth every penny. The design is sleek and sturdy. The looks are awesome and eye catching! I did not want to spend 50K for a Windows laptop! I was searching for alternatives and found this deal on Flipkart. The cheapest deal when compared to the famous stores in the city. The difference was more than seven thousand rupees. I was worried of the Apple warranty but this laptop bought from Flipkart is genuine and… This is my first Apple product. All these days I did not buy Apple products because of the higher price tag. Believe me, those few extra thousand rupees you spend on this Macbook Air is worth every penny. The design is sleek and sturdy. The looks are awesome and eye catching! I did not want to spend 50K for a Windows laptop! I was searching for alternatives and found this deal on Flipkart. The cheapest deal when compared to the famous stores in the city. The difference was more than seven thousand rupees. I was worried of the Apple warranty but this laptop bought from Flipkart is genuine and got registered with Apple flawlessly!! Do I need to mention about the delivery speed and packaging?? :P (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	best laptop ever.u ll feel proud of having it. PROS: 1.SIZE eveybody ll stare at ur lap.bcoz u got slimmest laptop in the world now 2.SPEED u ll get bored of questions from ur friends asking u y ur lap is so fast while booting and opening apps 3.SOUND th… (View complete review)	
Apple	Apple MD760HN-B MacBook Air -Ci5- 4GB- 128GB Flash- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	just a month ago i brought this from flipkart. This macbook is amazing with high speed performance and excellent sound and all the feature are of high quality.	
Apple	Apple MGXA2HN-A MacBook Pro Notebook -Ci7- 16GB- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	Best laptop money can buy. Period! If you can spend and if you are not particular about windows then there is nothing better.	
Apple	Apple MGXA2HN-A MacBook Pro Notebook -Ci7- 16GB- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	I am a first time Mac user. Have been using Windows for almost 15 years. So, its still the transition phase and not at all a difficult one though. I was initially apprehensive for the price; but now I definitely feel that this worth an investment considering that I will be using this for the next 3~4 years. My prime requirement for a great developer machine with equally great hardware support. This Mac has great computing capabilities with top end graphics and display system. With great apps available in the App store I would also suggest that this could be used as a personal computer as well.… I am a first time Mac user. Have been using Windows for almost 15 years. So, its still the transition phase and not at all a difficult one though. I was initially apprehensive for the price; but now I definitely feel that this worth an investment considering that I will be using this for the next 3~4 years. My prime requirement for a great developer machine with equally great hardware support. This Mac has great computing capabilities with top end graphics and display system. With great apps available in the App store I would also suggest that this could be used as a personal computer as well. In case budget is the constraint the 13 inch Macbook Pro would suffice; but considering that one might not buy another Mac for 3 years at least, this the best one to go for. (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MGXA2HN-A MacBook Pro Notebook -Ci7- 16GB- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	The MRP price is 1.79L . But on Flipkart , I have seen this product price changed from 1.6L to 1.53 to 1.59L . Not sure why such price changes. Infact I was able to bargain for 1.6L in retail stores namely Croma and RelainceDigital. I am not sure for 1K or 2K someone would like to buy online, it would not make sense. Even with the Creditcard advantages, the max discount it only 2K per card max. I hope Flipkart puts a realistic price tag taking into consideration they have advantage of inventory holding cost. Product is great but price is just not discounted as it should be. Raj Shastri	
Apple	Apple MGXA2HN-A MacBook Pro Notebook -Ci7- 16GB- Mac OS X Mavericks- -SIlver-	one of the best laptop ;screen resolution should be high.it is best to buy an i7 laptop with so much feature .also it has 16 gb of ram with high frequency.only need an external harddisk to store additional data .	
Apple	Apple MJVE2HN-A Ultrabook -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB- Mac OS X Yosemite- -SIlver-	In the specifications, they wrote Cache 6 MB Clock Speed 2.7 GHz With Turbo Boost Upto 3.2 GHz..... but its really not.....cache is 3MB and clock speed is 1.6GHz.... i didn't expected this from flipkart....my suggestion is before buying any product please verify product details with seller or flipkart...	
Apple	Apple MJVE2HN-A Ultrabook -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB- Mac OS X Yosemite- -SIlver-	Its totally a WOW experience owning a MacBook Air Super Fast Device Worth every single penny invested on this beauty Writing after use of 20 days You cannot compare MacBook with any other brands of Laptop This one is far far better than all those mentioned earlier. *It starts as soon as the Power button is pushed super fast speed. *Track pad is so good that You will love using it (You can really do a lot by using gestures) *One of the best features is "battery life" wooooow you can't ask for better 14hrs dedicated sometimes more. *Graphics are awesome *Keypad is very good to use as proper… Its totally a WOW experience owning a MacBook Air Super Fast Device Worth every single penny invested on this beauty Writing after use of 20 days You cannot compare MacBook with any other brands of Laptop This one is far far better than all those mentioned earlier. *It starts as soon as the Power button is pushed super fast speed. *Track pad is so good that You will love using it (You can really do a lot by using gestures) *One of the best features is "battery life" wooooow you can't ask for better 14hrs dedicated sometimes more. *Graphics are awesome *Keypad is very good to use as proper gap between each Key helps you write easily *Backlit keyboard is an advantage to use you can adjust the brightness of backlit too. *Lightest and slimmest *The Only issue is 128GB SSD (which is super fast in terms of accessibility) but i think thats Good enough and in this era of External HDD that is more than sufficient. everything is just awesome in this machine.Nothing better than this exists :) So overall its extremely good. Comes with Corei 5, 5th Gen processor 1.6 Ghz with 3MB @ 1.6GHz.Clock speed (Expand)	
Apple	Apple MJVE2HN-A Ultrabook -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB- Mac OS X Yosemite- -SIlver-	Kindly check twice before publishing any specification , you had given less info and same is also worng, flipkart should take action against all these. With this wrong info, anyone will be afraid to buy product.	
Apple	Apple MJVE2HN-A Ultrabook -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB- Mac OS X Yosemite- -SIlver-	The laptop is superb weight like nothing, so light with super comfortable size screen size....keyboard and track-pad works very smoothly.....battery life is too good.....you won't need a power cable often.....can take this masterpiece anywhere you want without worrying about battery charge core i5 processor gives it a superb processing speed with support of Mac-OS 10.10 Yosemite.	
Apple	Apple MJVE2HN-A Ultrabook -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB- Mac OS X Yosemite- -SIlver-	This is my first Mac and I'm not going to back to windows as my personal system again! Amazing product ! Four stars solely because it is a beautiful machine. One star short because earlier Flipkart had messed up badly with the specifications listed here though they are correct now. Anyone aiming to buy a laptop in the range 50 - 60k should definitely go for this machine.	
Apple	Apple MacBook Air MJVM2HN-A -Ultrabook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB SSD- Apple OS X 10-10 Yosemite- -SIlver-	Nothin is better than having this wonder from Apple. Don't think much and just go for it. Great for everything with better processor and faster flash drive. PS- Its a Macbook, Ultrabooks are windows laptops, wrong in description.	
Apple	Apple MacBook Air MJVM2HN-A -Ultrabook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB SSD- Apple OS X 10-10 Yosemite- -SIlver-	SPECIFICATION PROVIDE BY APPLE IN THIS MODEL ARE NOT SAME AS MENTIONED IN SPECIFICATIONS FOR EXAMPLE-GRAPHIC CARD	
Apple	Apple MacBook Air MJVM2HN-A -Ultrabook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 128GB SSD- Apple OS X 10-10 Yosemite- -SIlver-	the laptop is very good looking it is very light as it's name says ,the material used are very premium but it gets heated very fast, one of it's biggest problem is that it does not have cd drive .	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	1. Processor It is only a 1.33 GHz Atom processor. Overclockable or not, it doesn't matter. Also, thinking that "quad core" is something that is gonna help a lot, no it doesn't. The processor is slow, and the ONLY con of this laptop. The good: It helps to save battery. The light w… (View complete review)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	As usual flipkart delivery was awesome with great protective packaging. Coming to the product its simply awesome. Around 16.6 gb is available for use out of 32 gb. It has 2 GB RAM . Intel Hd Graphics comes to around 991 MB. Best thing about this laptop is its battery. It simply is a beast .Web cam quality is good . It also comes with one year Microsoft Office 365 subscription. USB 3.0 Is not there. If you want a good compact laptop for basic stuff like reading books. Watching movies this is simply best. Just go for it. No Second thoughts. Also asus offers cloud storage of 1 TB. Final Verdic… As usual flipkart delivery was awesome with great protective packaging. Coming to the product its simply awesome. Around 16.6 gb is available for use out of 32 gb. It has 2 GB RAM . Intel Hd Graphics comes to around 991 MB. Best thing about this laptop is its battery. It simply is a beast .Web cam quality is good . It also comes with one year Microsoft Office 365 subscription. USB 3.0 Is not there. If you want a good compact laptop for basic stuff like reading books. Watching movies this is simply best. Just go for it. No Second thoughts. Also asus offers cloud storage of 1 TB. Final Verdict : Close your eyes and go for it (Expand)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	Be sure to buy it only if you are going to do lightweight work on this. Some more details and tips for effective use: Storage: Out of 32GB, only ~19 GB is available because of the recovery partition. There is no official method to remove the recovery partition as of today but it is still possible. About 12 GB is free space initially but can be augmented with a microSD. Just format the card with NTFS and mount it in a folder in the C drive. Install software into that folder from then on. Also the card reader is capped at ~25MB/s but you should STILL buy a fast class10/uhs1 card. Because cards… Be sure to buy it only if you are going to do lightweight work on this. Some more details and tips for effective use: Storage: Out of 32GB, only ~19 GB is available because of the recovery partition. There is no official method to remove the recovery partition as of today but it is still possible. About 12 GB is free space initially but can be augmented with a microSD. Just format the card with NTFS and mount it in a folder in the C drive. Install software into that folder from then on. Also the card reader is capped at ~25MB/s but you should STILL buy a fast class10/uhs1 card. Because cards list their sequential read speed. Random read/write speed is more important if you're using it as main storage. Most good cards have random read speeds in single digits and you can buy any card with random read speed till 25MB/s and it won't be a waste. I bought the samsung evo because it had the best random rw speeds for that price (double of sandisk cards in that range) Speed: Uninstall McAfee the first thing you get this and you won't have the speed problems others are complaining about. Use windows defender that is preinstalled but disabled out of the box. Disable html5 on youtube with available chrome/firefox extentions (tried both) because flash is faster and uses less memory. Gaming (lol): Not really meant for gaming but it can run DOTA, CS and AOE2. The framerate will be low but install DirectX end user runtime (trust me, even though ver. 11 is preinstalled) and old games will run a lot better. Linux: You can't install linux easily on this machine right now due to issues with the bootloader. Google this for better information. Nevertheless, I am using CygWin for basic linux tasks. Fingerprints on the body: People are complaining that the body is a fingerprint magnet. I can assure you that this is NOT a problem with the Gold version. Blue version might be. These were my only concerns while buying because other specifications are good enough. (Expand)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	I found this machine best for home use. Fast boot and good battery life. And its so light, you can just carry it ant where. Awesome Gadget!!	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	I initially thought of buying HP or Sony. But when a friend of mine suggested me to buy Asus, I took the chance. It has been the most wonderful decision till now. The netbook has all the practical advantages like excellent battery life, light design, no heating problems, faster processor and beautif… (View complete review)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	It is very good looking with decent specification. 32 GB of storage is very low (user available 20GB) but i have extended it with 64 GB micro SDXC card so in total it amounts to approx. 80GB of available storage which is quite enough. Battery life is more than 10 hours of continuous usage. Note this netbook is for light users such as browsing web, editing documents, excels, etc. It’s not for gamers, heavy users & cannot be used as substitute of your primary Desktop / Laptop.	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	Me and my son are using two pieces of these. Far, far better than than its competitors. Excellent for daily work including MS office, internet, watching movies and listening to music. Amazing battery backup. No heating issues. Fast and flawless performance. No lags at all. I use pen drive and extern… (View complete review)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	Purchased it the day it was announced ..not an impulse buy but sort of a well thought out buy, was considering the Acer Switch and Asus transformer, my main concern was decent computing with looks and portability. Only gripe , I am flipkart first customer, it showed in a day delivery but I got it after a day, if flipkart cant deliver in a day , then they shouldn't brag about it. Cons; 32 GB space only, Should have been 64 gb. I would be getting 2 64 gb sd cards, One for my Note3 and one for this. Problem solved . Missed USB 3.0 slot , Micro HDMI instead of HDMI, but its manageable. Finger … Purchased it the day it was announced ..not an impulse buy but sort of a well thought out buy, was considering the Acer Switch and Asus transformer, my main concern was decent computing with looks and portability. Only gripe , I am flipkart first customer, it showed in a day delivery but I got it after a day, if flipkart cant deliver in a day , then they shouldn't brag about it. Cons; 32 GB space only, Should have been 64 gb. I would be getting 2 64 gb sd cards, One for my Note3 and one for this. Problem solved . Missed USB 3.0 slot , Micro HDMI instead of HDMI, but its manageable. Finger print magnet keyboard and cover. No fans , no sounds , very less heat even after slight heavy usage of 3hrs ( that's the max I am going to use it. Pros; For the price am getting this config , wow! Good build quality, Looks good! Can play HD videos and small games like Asphalt 8. Awesome battery life Keyboard screen resolution good enuf! For a laptop at this price point it does more than what I expected it to do. This product is for those who already have a primary computer and are looking for a portable secondary laptop for travelling. For resolving space issue get a 64gb micro sd card or a 128 gd sd card and put it in the micro sd slot , it sits flush and you wount even notice its there! I prefer 64 gb because its way cheaper and more practical for me , I got a primary gaming rig with 2 tb HDD. (Expand)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	This being my second computer, the main expectations were browsing the web & editing documents and it doesn't get any better than this. I have multiple browser tabs open along with word & excel documents, and I do not notice any lag whatsoever! It has 20.8GB user space on the flash drive, and I added a 64GB MicroSD Class-10 card to top it up. There are also some bundled cloud offers: Microsoft OneDrive with 1TB storage for a year (along with Office 365), and Asus Webstorage with 500GB for 2 years. Since OneDrive is also available on mobiles & Mac, I am now using it extensively to share data a… This being my second computer, the main expectations were browsing the web & editing documents and it doesn't get any better than this. I have multiple browser tabs open along with word & excel documents, and I do not notice any lag whatsoever! It has 20.8GB user space on the flash drive, and I added a 64GB MicroSD Class-10 card to top it up. There are also some bundled cloud offers: Microsoft OneDrive with 1TB storage for a year (along with Office 365), and Asus Webstorage with 500GB for 2 years. Since OneDrive is also available on mobiles & Mac, I am now using it extensively to share data across platforms. The 1-year bundled subscription to Office 365 is neat. The machine is also very lightweight. The battery also seems to last forever (after a 3-4 hr usage, 60% battery still remains). At this price point, I should not nitpick, but I will point them out anyway. The screen is a bit dull with not-so-great viewing angles, but it still very good for this price. Also, there is an issue with the trackpad. Asus SmartGesture, which enables multi-finger gestures, does not work sometimes when the machine wakes up from sleep (other functions are fine). A reboot fixes the problem. I tried updating the drivers, but this has not helped. Anyway, I use a mouse and hence this has not bothered me much. Overall, this is the machine to get if you're looking at a casual usage. It is also highly portable (including a lightweight charger, which is proprietary by the way). If these are your expectations, look no further. UPDATE: - Tried out the inbuilt camera and found that the pictures are quite bad! The image size is VGA (640x480), and there's too much noise in the pic. So don't expect much on the camera front. Can be used for occasional video calls and that's about it. Still five stars though. - The bootup time (till login screen) is around 6-8 seconds. It used to be less than 5 seconds before, but 8 seconds is still quite good. - The laptop gets covered in fingerprints fairly quickly. - The dark blue color is actually very dark. It is almost black. - Forgot to mention before, but the 1-year office subscription comes as a product activation code which is packaged along with the laptop. You need to activate Office 365 using this code. - The 20.8GB user space I mentioned earlier is used by Windows installation as well. So the actual free space is lower. I didn't check free space when I received the laptop; I'm guessing that it might have been around 10 - 15GB range. - There is no Ethernet port or CD drive. - The HDMI interface is micro-HDMI. - It comes with McAfee LiveSafe 15-day trial. UPDATE AFTER A MONTH OF USE: The laptop is still going strong. Found a workaround for the trackpad issue I'd mentioned earlier: Go to task manager and terminate the "AsusTPCenter.exe" process. It gets re-spawned automatically, and SmartGesture starts working again. The multi-touch gestures are pretty decent, but it's nowhere close to that on a Macbook. But the trackpad is quite big, and I'm happy about that. I use Chrome mostly and even after opening 25+ tabs, there is no noticeable delay in the browser. However at this point, any new application would take a couple of more seconds to launch (but once it is launched, everything is snappy again). Other than a few times when Chrome crashed, I have not encountered any problems with performance till now. I find myself using the laptop more during travel and while attending conferences. Since the laptop & charger are lightweight, it is perfect for this. However, for more involved work, I still prefer to use my desktop at home due to its better display and computing power. At a budget of (Expand)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	This is a bang for its money ! The ease of using it as a tablet and computing prowess of a laptop combined in ONE. If you are looking for a under 25k device dont event think twice and just BUY. I was ready to spend upto 20-25k but found this much more valuable than more expensive devices..	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	This is the best laptop in this price. Great combination of beauty and power. ASUS is one of most promising brands in the market. They are in search of incredible. and providing us the incredible gadgets. Great battery life and light weight are the pros which I loved the most. If u are looking for a… (View complete review)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	This one is almost black, I am loving it !! Pros: Price, Battery life, ultra light, fast for day to day use, fanless design, Cons: Video colours are not so good. No LAN port, Micro HDMI But I hardly miss the features I have listed in the Cons as I am using teewe dongle to connect to my TV wirelessly.	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	it is quite sturdy. good quality which is missing at even costlier laptops. light weight. fast booting and multitasking. little hangs at internet explorer which can be overcome by chrome. track pad gestures are as impressive as a macbook air. you wont believe until you use it. for basic home needs, this laptop is the best hit for sure. battery 10+ hours. charges in under 3 hrs. display colors are nice. i have 1tb external hdd. so do worry if you dont have an external drive. otherwise..close your eyes and go for it. you feel amazed as me and many others :)	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	needs: browsing, apps & games, ms office, portable and light weight, good battery back up, watching movies , If the above points.. are your needs.., Go For it...!! Good job ASUS. battery life-excellent.. speakers-4/5.. fk service-5/5 .. cons: fingerprint marks ( on the blue color netbook model ) go for the white one (it has a gloss finish)..If u cant skip the above con..	
Asus	Asus EeeBook X205TA Notebook -4th Gen Atom Quad Core- 2GB- 32GB EMMC- Win 8-1-Office 365- -Dark Blue-	received the netbook today by courier. awesome service by flipkart. it is showing pre-order in the white version but it was shipped yesterday and i received it today. the netbook is bound to bring a smile to you at first glance itself. the build quality is superb for the price. i paid 13499/- using hdfc offer. pros: a. build and finish is superb for the price. b. chicklet keys and keys have enough flex, travel. typing it from the netbook without any issues or mistyping. c. nice responsive touchpad. hope it does not lag later. d. sound output is decent. cons: a. webcam is pathetic. vga quali… received the netbook today by courier. awesome service by flipkart. it is showing pre-order in the white version but it was shipped yesterday and i received it today. the netbook is bound to bring a smile to you at first glance itself. the build quality is superb for the price. i paid 13499/- using hdfc offer. pros: a. build and finish is superb for the price. b. chicklet keys and keys have enough flex, travel. typing it from the netbook without any issues or mistyping. c. nice responsive touchpad. hope it does not lag later. d. sound output is decent. cons: a. webcam is pathetic. vga quality is aweful. can be used for a occasional skype , thats about it b. recovery partition is eating 10GB, so, effective space is 20GB. must buy a MicroSD. c. No ethernet RJ45 port. must use usb to RJ45 converter. These cons are known to me before purchase so no letdown there. the product hits the sweetspot in price to feature comparison. (Expand)	
Asus	Asus X200LA-KX034D Netbook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -90NB03U1-M00890- -White-	Product is very good and Delivery was done within 3days. Packaging was good. I would recommend this seller and this product. I got the Laptop with basic DOS installation. I used a Bootable USB image of Win7 and Installed the latest Drivers. ASUS website still has some old drivers. So try to get the latest drivers from OEM like Mediatek for WLAN.... Overall a good product... ..	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX876H X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-750 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Windows 8- Notebook -Grey-	Impressed with everything else, except the trackpad. If you prefer using a wireless mouse, then this helps your needs. Keyboard also seems clumsy when gaming.	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX876H X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-750 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Windows 8- Notebook -Grey-	Outward looks: Brilliant Screen: Average Keyboard: Not a joy to type on Touchpad: Horrible and laggy Charger: Poorly designed (bulky unit hanging from two prongs, no earth) Specs: Above average (consider replacing with SSD for weight reduction, speed, and safety as opposed to additional cost and storage space)	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX876H X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-750 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Windows 8- Notebook -Grey-	With my personal experience with asus products(nearly 6 years) I will only tell all the people who are searching for laptop that IT IS THE BEST COMPANY WHO MANUFACTURES COMPUTER RELATED PRODUCTS...... U CAN TRUST IT BLINDLY....	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX876H X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-750 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-Windows 8- Notebook -Grey-	i have purchaed at12 pm. and delivery boy arrived at 1 pm. awesome network by flipkart. and when it comes to lapi i3 is super cool every game i installed works like the best	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	After a dedicated research for a week I ended up with this ASUS X550 Red. I always go for Sony for all gadgets and this time I chose ASUS for the first time. Indeed it was a good move. Initially I had a doubt how this ASUS brand red colored lap would be & its performance. But the finish & looks of this shiny red lappie was beyond my expectations. Even the performance and sound Quality too. I would say this as the best budget lap with 2 gb graphics card. A value for money and speakers are just awesome with sonic master. With one provided DVD you can install all the drivers required and no need… After a dedicated research for a week I ended up with this ASUS X550 Red. I always go for Sony for all gadgets and this time I chose ASUS for the first time. Indeed it was a good move. Initially I had a doubt how this ASUS brand red colored lap would be & its performance. But the finish & looks of this shiny red lappie was beyond my expectations. Even the performance and sound Quality too. I would say this as the best budget lap with 2 gb graphics card. A value for money and speakers are just awesome with sonic master. With one provided DVD you can install all the drivers required and no need to search in net for any drivers. With flipkart the packing was so good and delivery was on Sunday May 17,2015 to Coimbatore in 4 days. It’s been a week since I received it and now I feel that I have taken a wise decision in choosing this awesome lappieee by ASUS. Just go for it blindly.... (Expand)	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	An amazing machine...... No heating compliant........... in built Graphics by intel, powerful 2GB graphics by GE Force........... Awesome graphics.... loved it........... Became slave to this machine............................	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	Damaged product delivered to me. There are lot of scratches below the ASUS logo . But i have no way, i'm using it withot returning the product because i have to finish lots of projects.	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	I went across comparing many budget gaming laptops in the web and after many if's and but's i finally decided to go with this one. Trust me i made no mistake choosing the same. I am a bit of gamer so i opted this. Got the product delivered on the second day(pretty impressive). Charged it and then got the laptop on the table...... It handles new game ( like BF4, AC4, CODAW) from medium setting to high. FPS stays around 25-30. So if you are thinking to go for this laptop???? Stop giving it a second thought....... Trust me it way cheap and good than other budget gaming laptops :) :)	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	One of the best .. Pros - Graphic card ( U cn play any latest game in high graphics ) No heating problem . Led screen gud enough . Sound quality of the laptop speaker are awesome ( no bass effect ) RAM and HARD DISK are gud enough . Looks of the lappy is gud . Cons - webcam and keypad pls go ahead and buy if u want a gaming laptop at dis price	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	Very good product and a nice packing from flipkart. Dont think twice ...just buy it . it is a superb model from well known asus and its performance is really good.it has a 4 cell battery but you will get around 3.30 to 5.00 hrs on battery	
Asus	Asus X550CC-XX922D X Intel Core i3 - -39-624 cm-500 GB HDD-4 GB DDR3-DOS- Notebook -Red-	i got this product for 27k, it was little high price compare to other hp or lenovo laptop, design is awesome, looking more good than shown in the pic- 10/10. weight is low n very slim and beautiful- 10/10 battery coming more than 4hr- 9/10 web cam 7/10 display 9/10 usb only two ports but one 3.0 port is faster, i thing any laptop required minimum 3 usb port 6/10 processing is ok, but when we play some hd video its lagging little 7/10 if the product in the range below 25k it would be better for this configuration	
Asus	Asus X555LJ-XX130D -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- 2GB Graph- -90NB08I1-M01630- -Dark Brown-	I got mine and it looks pretty new to me. Turned it on and created accounts. Very nice feel overall and seems much higher quality. ASUS IS MY FAVORITE BRAND. EVERYTHING I BUY WORK AS EXPECTED.	
Asus	Asus X555LJ-XX130D -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- 2GB Graph- -90NB08I1-M01630- -Dark Brown-	dnt expect this quality gud 1 from asus nd ya i ws in delma whch 1 to buy had lenovo s510p or asus x555lj.....atlast found x555lj is far btr thn tht for the price,and good packing ya got lappy within 24 hours thnx to delivery guys for workin hard.....am hpy for al of this yupieeee jst njoy ths nd dont forget to update BIOS guys!!	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Friends I tried to search reviews about this particular model/product but didn't succeed in getting any kind of review on any of the websites. So here's my review after using this product for a week. Pros: 1. Got the product delivered exactly as promised on due date and was a good deal for me at a price of Rs 31,200/-. Safe packing as well. Warranty checked on-line and found it beginning from future(Product delivery date 13 Sep 14, Warranty commencement 19 Sep 14 for one year). 2. It has a single output port for speaker and mic which means I can use my mobile hands-free without any problem. M… Friends I tried to search reviews about this particular model/product but didn't succeed in getting any kind of review on any of the websites. So here's my review after using this product for a week. Pros: 1. Got the product delivered exactly as promised on due date and was a good deal for me at a price of Rs 31,200/-. Safe packing as well. Warranty checked on-line and found it beginning from future(Product delivery date 13 Sep 14, Warranty commencement 19 Sep 14 for one year). 2. It has a single output port for speaker and mic which means I can use my mobile hands-free without any problem. My earlier laptop had two ports i.e. one for speakers and one for mic which invariably meant that my mobile hands-free was useless and separate mic plus headphone combo had to be used. 3. It has HDMI out, which means I can see the desired video on my TV as when without any hassles(Would have loved the VGA port also which is missing). 4. Battery backup is actually more than 4 hrs when working on documents. Though I couldn't check it with video or game alone. It would be less for sure. 5. Mousepad is matt finish thus feels good. Though I had to download synaptics pointing device driver so as to ensure that the trackpad is disabled by double click action as I use usb mouse and the sensitive trackpad was making typing difficult. 6. Feels lightweight. 7. It has a led next to the hd camera, thus indicating that the camera is on. Not every laptop has this feature. Also the mic is just next to the cam. 8. Heating is pretty less and you can comfortably work for hrs keeping it on your lap. Cons: 1. Windows 8 drivers support needs refinement. The WiFi button driver does not work at all. I installed windows 7 for same reason. Also Bluetooth doesn't work with Win 8 at all. 2. No button or switch to enable/disable Bluetooth device. You will have to right click the Bluetooth button to enable/disable it. Poor show HP. This happens in Win 7. 3. CD/DVD writer button does not work on single press. You will have to press it twice or may be thrice for it to eject. 4. No button to select display off. You shall have to wait for the time duration which has been set in power settings. Generally the laptops do have this kind of button for switching off the display from keyboard. 5. Audio output is very low. Even in a quit room with only AC running I felt the need to use headphones. Now don't think my AC is noisy. 6. No LED on the upper surface or front side to indicate power/recharging state. Either you have to look at the task bar icon or LED next to the power jack which is on side. Also the LED at adapter would have been a value addition which is missing at the moment. 7. No backlit keyboard. 8. The SD card reader appears very shabby. Normally we expect push in and push out kind of reader. This reader is plain simple push in and pull out. It works perfectly now but I doubt if it will have a good life. 9. My previous laptop had a blinking LED light when any activity used to take place on WiFi/Bluetooth. This one has one steady led which indicates only the on/off status and no indication of any activity. 10. The up/down arrow buttons are very poor. A single key has been halved into two and its a real PIA to keep the finger precisely on the up/down key to work with them. Frankly speaking, I feel that the engineers forgot to design the keyboard with up key and finally when they realised they managed by dividing the down key into two. Thats all so far with the usage of one week. Will add/amend if I observe something else in due course of time. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Got this laptop while my work laptop was a Macbook Pro. Very satisfied and would recommend this to my friends. Pros - light weight - i5 processor - installed ssd and 4 gb ram(total 8gb), bootup time is faster than mac - fantastic keyboard, typing feels great Cons (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	I am very thankful to Flipkart for fast delivery. But there is no VGA output port in this laptop (you have to mention it). At the time of booking mentioned that brand offer but I didn’t received it.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	I am very thankful to Flipkart.com to make the above product available at such competitive price and ensure product is factory sealed and in brand new condition. Delivery was just super and packaging was excellent ! HP - Compaq laptops are famous world over for their performance and build quality so there is not much that I can add to the same. Overall an excellent experience to purchase from Flipkart Regards	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	I found this to be a very economical laptop with stunning feature of intel i5(4th Gen),intel hd graphics and hd display of 15.6 inch.very satisfied with this product.....AND NO WORDS FOR FLIPKART SERVICE...NICE EXPERINCE OF E-SHOPPING..	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	I got this product for 26K... Using it with windows 8.1 Pros: - Very light weight - Gen4 i5 seems very powerful ( System boots within 10 secs) Cons: - It really doesn't have VGA slot ( you'll not be able to connect to a traditional projector or your old system screen)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	I never expected while placing the order that the product will not contain VGA output and I must confirm with seller before placing the order, as VGA output is a very common part of all standard size laptops. I am not satisfied with the product as it is useless for me without VGA port as I am required to connect the laptop with projector many time to provide presentation and training. Without VGA port I won't be able to connect the Laptop with projector. It was not mentioned on website while placing the order that VGA output: Not available in product (as it is common and mandatory feature … I never expected while placing the order that the product will not contain VGA output and I must confirm with seller before placing the order, as VGA output is a very common part of all standard size laptops. I am not satisfied with the product as it is useless for me without VGA port as I am required to connect the laptop with projector many time to provide presentation and training. Without VGA port I won't be able to connect the Laptop with projector. It was not mentioned on website while placing the order that VGA output: Not available in product (as it is common and mandatory feature of any standard size laptop). Refer to the HP Compaq Laptop Setup Instruction received inside the box with laptop delivered. Review under Quick Tour option Point 14: HP Compaq Laptop contains External Monitor Port (VGA Output) with * mark and comment “Select Models Only”. In the same way the same information must had been updated on the www.flipkart.com website that VGA Output: “NA or available with select models only”. But above was not updated on the www.flipkart.com website from retailer side. It is a clear that wrong information was updated on website. And customer is not responsible for wrong order. SO why, I didn’t feel to confirm about VGA Output availability in the product before placing the order. It is against consumer right of online sale. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	If you are looking for good process at cheapest cost then you should go for this , But here is the drawbacks of this laptop: 1)Sound quality is very low . Even very bad. 2) Don't have VGA Adapter . Even I have called to customer care no of Flipkart they have assured me that it has, since some had already complaint about this . But this laptop doesn't have VGA Adapter. Overall product is good but not the best. Project description can be better but they have putted some incomplete description .	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	It was not good enough quality same as money West of money. And not good performance, and very bed. It problem with these laptop it view i5 but not performance same like PQC.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Overall product is great. I was able to install all drivers including Bluetooth from internet. Only weak part about this laptop is build quality is not that great and hard disk don't have temperature sensor. Performance wise its great with battery life of 3-4 hours for average usage. Do note that I … (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Pros: - Core i5 4th gen - 4GB RAM - 1TB HDD - Big screen - 15.6inches - Numeric keypad - DVD writer - Battery lasts for 4 hrs Cons: - No Nvidia graphics, so graphics intensive apps will suffer - Display is big but resolution is 1366x700 (or something like that). Very average display panel - Changing any hardware is very difficult as we have to practically tear it apart. - Build quality is average, plasticky, squeaks and niggles around. It wont survive a drop. - Touch pad is matte finished, not so smooth on finger tips. - Below average keyboard Overall, at this price range of thirty K this i… Pros: - Core i5 4th gen - 4GB RAM - 1TB HDD - Big screen - 15.6inches - Numeric keypad - DVD writer - Battery lasts for 4 hrs Cons: - No Nvidia graphics, so graphics intensive apps will suffer - Display is big but resolution is 1366x700 (or something like that). Very average display panel - Changing any hardware is very difficult as we have to practically tear it apart. - Build quality is average, plasticky, squeaks and niggles around. It wont survive a drop. - Touch pad is matte finished, not so smooth on finger tips. - Below average keyboard Overall, at this price range of thirty K this is a good performance laptop but with budget quality display, graphics and keyboard. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Pros: - Core i5 4th gen - 4GB RAM - 1TB HDD - Big screen - 15.6inches - Numeric keypad - DVD writer - Battery lasts for 4 hrs Cons: - No Nvidia graphics, so graphics intensive apps will suffer - Display is big but resolution is 1366x700 (or something lik… (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	Super Laptop @ 28600 only thing is Laptop Bag is missing Flipkart done a good job by introducing hp compaq again in india.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s006TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8B65PA- -Charcoal Gray-	recieve the product 5 days ago.having some keypad problem.keypad is loose.finally a very bad product.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	For this price, you get a laptop that manages all routine applications reliably and always runs quietly while doing so. Even the battery life is good enough to last for 4-5 hrs after full charge. As in most low-budget laptops, you have to live with average screen but the screen resolution in this laptop seems to be quite decent. If you are currently looking for a budget laptop with good configuration HP Compaq is surely a choice. :)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Guys the Laptop Overall would be rated 4 stars I bought this laptop for a friend who is a beginner and this seems to be the perfect one for beginners Guys but don't get confused that this is a Sole HP laptop This is a Compaq which is a product of HP and hence the logo and … (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Hi friends, I bought this laptop. Its a very good laptop in this price range. The laptop is very smooth in operation. PROS:4th gen I3, 4 gb ram, cost effectiveness,no lags. CONS:the screen is little bit duller, the keyboard quality is a thing that didnt impress me, but it is ok and its not bad. The games play very smoothly, i have loaded the os from local computer shop becoz no cd is given. I think this review helps u. any dounts message here. thank u.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I am not very used to of writing reviews but this product caught my eye. First of all timely and great delivery by Flipkart as usual. This product is pretty good for playing games as well as official use. I got the product at 25k and it is worth buying. Cons: I have a little list of issues. There is no driver CD given by the seller which will create problems for the user. The RAM Which is available for use is only 2.45 GB because of Motherboard so.. The sound of the laptop inbuilt speakers is not up to mark. You wont be able to hear anything properly in a room with 2 fans ON. The BIOS Settin… I am not very used to of writing reviews but this product caught my eye. First of all timely and great delivery by Flipkart as usual. This product is pretty good for playing games as well as official use. I got the product at 25k and it is worth buying. Cons: I have a little list of issues. There is no driver CD given by the seller which will create problems for the user. The RAM Which is available for use is only 2.45 GB because of Motherboard so.. The sound of the laptop inbuilt speakers is not up to mark. You wont be able to hear anything properly in a room with 2 fans ON. The BIOS Settings are bit ODD as The 'FN' Key works opposite. So if you wanna fix it try to disable the action buttons from BIOS. Beside this the product is great and is worth buying at 25K. If you need a friendly laptop for daily use this baby is a charm. 4 star for Product and Extra Half for WS Retail and Flipkart for great delivery and packaging. If you wanna ask anything about laptop just drop a comment. Thank U Flipkart for great deals! (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I have purchase these product compaq 15-s008tu Notebook PC its a nic product But i cant find any contrast/ brightness option which can be adjusted as per situation. If any one know pls suggest????	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I have used this product and i am happy. Good performance, style and comfort in use. Value for Money.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I ordered this notebook on 28th Dec. 2014 and I got it on 29th Dec. 2014 evening. Great shipping process. Hats off to flipkart and team. 24990/- is reasonable price for anyone with the configuration of Intel Core i3 (4th Gen.), 4GB, 500GB, 15.6 inches, Intel HD graphics 4400 and DOS. It is 64 bit architecture. You get 10% off, If you have Standard charted card. Notebook outlook is supper, I installed win 7, 64 bit OS. All the drivers are available on HP support site.(HP does't provide any driver media) - You may not get WiFi drivers for this model, but you can install wifi driver from other mo… I ordered this notebook on 28th Dec. 2014 and I got it on 29th Dec. 2014 evening. Great shipping process. Hats off to flipkart and team. 24990/- is reasonable price for anyone with the configuration of Intel Core i3 (4th Gen.), 4GB, 500GB, 15.6 inches, Intel HD graphics 4400 and DOS. It is 64 bit architecture. You get 10% off, If you have Standard charted card. Notebook outlook is supper, I installed win 7, 64 bit OS. All the drivers are available on HP support site.(HP does't provide any driver media) - You may not get WiFi drivers for this model, but you can install wifi driver from other model ( Notebook's only), it works fine. - After installing intel HD graphic driver, the aero effect (transparency) doesn't works, Then goto control panel: in the search box type 'visual' and search, then click on "Find and fix problems with transparency and other visual effects". wait for some time and you are done. - Install HP Support Solutions Framework, so that it will search required drivers automatically, you just need to install the downloaded drivers. - I suggest you to install Win 7, 64 bit OS, It will support all apps and almost all drivers are available for 64 bit OS. - You will definitely regret if you install 32 bit OS. My system boots within 30 secs, copy speed is fast enough, My DVD has some mechanical issue while auto ejecting and pushing in, but that's not matter. 24990/- is Wondering price. No other system comes with the Core i3 (4th Gen.) under 25000/- Close your eyes and purchase it if your budget is under 25000/- (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	If you want a laptop for your routine day to day use, look no further. This is the laptop for you and it comes at a great price point. This laptop is loaded to quietly run your routine applications with ease and the DOS give you the flexibility of loading your favorite OS. The battery easily lasts for a good 4 hours and the light weight of the laptop ensures that carrying it around is not a burden. Overall a cleverly packaged laptop at a great price point!	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	It’s a wonderful PC with excellent price. I’m pretty much happy about the price and the service provided by the flipkart. I got it delivered in 48 hours. If you are looking for a pc for your daily usage go for it. There are some point to be mentioned about the spec and drivers for this model. Compaq 15-s001TU comes with pre loaded free dos. If you are going to upgrade to windows 8, I believe you won’t find any difficulties in finding drivers from HP product support page. But in case of windows 7 you won’t get the LAN, Wifi and Bluetooth driver from main support page since HP made this model … It’s a wonderful PC with excellent price. I’m pretty much happy about the price and the service provided by the flipkart. I got it delivered in 48 hours. If you are looking for a pc for your daily usage go for it. There are some point to be mentioned about the spec and drivers for this model. Compaq 15-s001TU comes with pre loaded free dos. If you are going to upgrade to windows 8, I believe you won’t find any difficulties in finding drivers from HP product support page. But in case of windows 7 you won’t get the LAN, Wifi and Bluetooth driver from main support page since HP made this model to be worked with windows 8. They provide some generic drivers for above mentioned missing drivers. First of all let me unravel the chipset manufactures details for this model which is not mentioned in anywhere (not even in product catalogue). Blue tooth – Ralink Chipset Wifi – Ralink Wifi LAN – Realtek Chipset Card Reader – Realtek Chipset – Intel USB3 – Intel chipset If you got any problems with finding drivers please refer HP support forum with "Can't find network, wifi and bluetooth driver for windows 7 64 bit Professional" thread. Once again thank you very flipkart for providing such a wonderful offer. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Price Wise - 4.5 star (Good laptop for this price) Configuration Wise : 4 Star (Fair configuration when compare to price ) Body Quality Wise : 2.5 Star (Plastic Quality is not good) Now come drivers part: 1. For Win 7 64 bit most of the drivers are present at HP official site. 2. For Bluetooth drivers,you can search HP site with Ralink Bluetooth Driver,you will find download link for bluetooth drivers. 3. Graphics drivers present on HP site are not compatible with this laptop, for that you need to go Intel site and search for Intel 4th generation i3 processor,you will get the driver downloa… Price Wise - 4.5 star (Good laptop for this price) Configuration Wise : 4 Star (Fair configuration when compare to price ) Body Quality Wise : 2.5 Star (Plastic Quality is not good) Now come drivers part: 1. For Win 7 64 bit most of the drivers are present at HP official site. 2. For Bluetooth drivers,you can search HP site with Ralink Bluetooth Driver,you will find download link for bluetooth drivers. 3. Graphics drivers present on HP site are not compatible with this laptop, for that you need to go Intel site and search for Intel 4th generation i3 processor,you will get the driver download,that's it you are done. Overall a good budget laptop for everyday use.. !! (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	UPDATE IMPORTANT: this laptop is covered under 2 years additional warranty for another 2500Rs. please note the HP customer care informed me it won't be covered under this scheme but anyway I registered and my laptop is now covered under 2 year warranty period till 2017. I think they would have said the same to you....please inform others. what you need to know before buying this laptop. 1.got it for 20392Rs, could have had it for 18k but my card had issues at the last moment, decided not to be greedy as I felt 20k was a good price. 2.laptop comes with a bag, its much better than DE… UPDATE IMPORTANT: this laptop is covered under 2 years additional warranty for another 2500Rs. please note the HP customer care informed me it won't be covered under this scheme but anyway I registered and my laptop is now covered under 2 year warranty period till 2017. I think they would have said the same to you....please inform others. what you need to know before buying this laptop. 1.got it for 20392Rs, could have had it for 18k but my card had issues at the last moment, decided not to be greedy as I felt 20k was a good price. 2.laptop comes with a bag, its much better than DELL laptop bag. FK hasn't mentioned this.. 3. Looks very very good for a 20-25K laptop. its unfortunate we can't find images, I will upload and review the unit asap. 4.Brilliant packqing by flipkart and awesome offer. This site is bankrupting me with irresistible deals. 5.Driver Issue? only if you don't have hands and a brain. Mine is up and running within 3hrs. Everything is available on HP site. Win 8+Fedora Dual boot. 6.though it looks nice its flimsy, not well finished. panel gaps weak plastic etc. 7.Called HP customer care, they are saying there is no 2 year extended warranty on this laptop. knowing CC I, Duly filled up the form, hope they grant it. I believe Tech specs are mentioned as it is. Replying to other guys problem:core i3 supports 64 bit architecture.....most current processors do, so it migh be a problem with the media. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Well, product is good Hardware-wise but in terms of software you will definitely face problems. Finding Drivers for windows 7 (32/64 bit) is really tough. I ended up spending a whole day finding them. Even the official HP Site will give you drivers which WON'T work! Especially for Bluetooth and Wifi. This bounds me to give it one star less.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	best laptop in this price ...I3 works well...but u have to install gaming drivers and bluetooh driver yourself....u can play most of the games	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	nice lap tap........very very good ..dont miss this opportunity..reasabable cost.low price excellent speed..i used this from last one year..nice battery backup	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s008TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Free DOS- -J8C07PA- -Charcoal Grey-	ordered the laptop when it was in stock ...... Came a reply from the flipkart team after 5 minutes saying the order was cancelled ........ lost my money too.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	A good product from HP Compaq. Thanks to flipkart for delivering the product on time. I got this laptop at very reasonable price (25,100/-). I am writing the review after more than 3 months use. Pros : 1.By look it's quite good with glossy finish. 2.battery backup is nice around 3-3.5 hrs. 3.boot time is quite low. 4.windows 8.1 and nice HD display. Cons : 1. touch-pad is not upto the mark. 2. up and down keys in keyboard are very small. But anyway really a very nice product at this price.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Beware there is price fluctuation on daily basis. When I put this item in the cart it was priced at Rs28300 and next day it has been increased to Rs29270. At this price I bought the laptop and when I checked the price again after 2 days it is now selling at Rs28311. May be flipkart doing the price m… (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Could Haves: (1) In this 30K laptop, screen resolution could have been better. (2) Battery life could have been 5 hours - a reasonable requirement in today's time. (3) Because user owns licensed Windows 8.1 with the purchase of this laptop, an easy way instruction of creating recovery DVD or USB could have been provided which will guide non-geek users to successfully format laptop and re-install Win 8.1 OS again. (4) Screen panel hinges quality could be improved. It appears so jugaadu and fragile. 4 stars for HP Compaq Laptop with 5K discount given to me on exchange offer on old laptop.… Could Haves: (1) In this 30K laptop, screen resolution could have been better. (2) Battery life could have been 5 hours - a reasonable requirement in today's time. (3) Because user owns licensed Windows 8.1 with the purchase of this laptop, an easy way instruction of creating recovery DVD or USB could have been provided which will guide non-geek users to successfully format laptop and re-install Win 8.1 OS again. (4) Screen panel hinges quality could be improved. It appears so jugaadu and fragile. 4 stars for HP Compaq Laptop with 5K discount given to me on exchange offer on old laptop. Otherwise, 3.5 stars for HP Compaq Laptop at INR 30K. 5 stars for flipkart delivery and customer support. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Good laptop!!! Only disappoint is no USB 3.0, missed it to check while ordering. Speed & OS is good. Good for daily use.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Good product as per specification. Nice look. Packaging is good. Only thing which is disappointing is that it has only one drive. The partion used is only for recovery mode and no separate partion can be made in that (at least for non technical person), which reduces rating.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I bought this laptop after considering HCL/Dell and Toshiba in same price range (~30K) Based on my almost three weeks usage I found it working to my expectation.Screen resolution is good.Boot time is very low and no lags oserved. My only problem is the touchpad quality as many times it hangs or pointer moves without doing anything.I need to contact the HP first to ask them about solution for this problem other wise nice product with good processor/RAM and HDD capacity for general home use. No heating issue even when run on battery.Battery back up is good and charge gives alomst 3-4 Hrs for n… I bought this laptop after considering HCL/Dell and Toshiba in same price range (~30K) Based on my almost three weeks usage I found it working to my expectation.Screen resolution is good.Boot time is very low and no lags oserved. My only problem is the touchpad quality as many times it hangs or pointer moves without doing anything.I need to contact the HP first to ask them about solution for this problem other wise nice product with good processor/RAM and HDD capacity for general home use. No heating issue even when run on battery.Battery back up is good and charge gives alomst 3-4 Hrs for normal browsing,youtube watching etc. One point less for touchpad issue other wise all in all it's good product. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I bought this laptop recently for my father. I got it in 26,000 INR after promotions. This is a Compaq branded laptop instead of HP one. Laptop is shiny gray in color, which I felt is better than the shiny black. This laptop is exclusively available with Flipkart. I could not find this on any other website or offline retail store. Product is looking good so far with responsive keyboard, Genuine windows 8.1 (no hassles of installing & finding drivers). Mousepad could have been more responsive. Screen is shiny n glossy. It comes in total plastic body (which is norm in lower priced laptops th… I bought this laptop recently for my father. I got it in 26,000 INR after promotions. This is a Compaq branded laptop instead of HP one. Laptop is shiny gray in color, which I felt is better than the shiny black. This laptop is exclusively available with Flipkart. I could not find this on any other website or offline retail store. Product is looking good so far with responsive keyboard, Genuine windows 8.1 (no hassles of installing & finding drivers). Mousepad could have been more responsive. Screen is shiny n glossy. It comes in total plastic body (which is norm in lower priced laptops these days). No bag or backpack has been given with this laptop. All in all it looks ok for the money. Time will tell about the performance & durability. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	I just opened it's box & plunged battery, within 5-6 minutes system got ready to use with Windows 8.1 with plenty of apps & futures. Thanks Compaq HP for making this product, basically I have brought it for my Daughter & within 1-2 days he also learn Windows 8.1, earlier she using Windows 7. Simply it is one best system for house use & having good RAM4G & 500GB hard disk is sufficient for house use. I had used DELL all series, Acer & even HP also, never find such fast system. I have purchase it from Flipkart, on special offer @ only 26500/- and as usual Flipkart given delivery on time b… I just opened it's box & plunged battery, within 5-6 minutes system got ready to use with Windows 8.1 with plenty of apps & futures. Thanks Compaq HP for making this product, basically I have brought it for my Daughter & within 1-2 days he also learn Windows 8.1, earlier she using Windows 7. Simply it is one best system for house use & having good RAM4G & 500GB hard disk is sufficient for house use. I had used DELL all series, Acer & even HP also, never find such fast system. I have purchase it from Flipkart, on special offer @ only 26500/- and as usual Flipkart given delivery on time before four days.. Packing was very good, inside packing I received on Laptop bag good quality which was not mentioned by Flipkart. (Expand)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Just bought this laptop HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook (4th Gen Ci3/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Win 8.1) (J8C08PA) with free backpack and 1000/- off @28600/-. Was delivered in a day as promised for just 90/-. The OS was preinstalled and is OK. .THE BACKPACK promised is yet to be received..No separate CD for OS is given. The laptop looks great and keyboard smooth..Good experience...so far..	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	Looking for a computer which is cheap in price but works like a steel, this is it i am not saying there are not other computers in the market which are good all i am saying is you wont get them at this price and that too Flipkart.com has a awesome delivery system you get it next day with no little c… (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	On a lighter side, if you are not buying a laptop from 'chor baazar', this will be the least possible price for this configuration you can get for a reliable brand Laptop. With the latest Generation processor and latest Windows OS, this is the best laptop in market and also only at flipkart. I bought this product 2 months back and I didn't get a slightest of the problems. Light weight, smooth touch-pad, attractive lid texture are add-ons to the machine. Go for the laptop if you are looking for hassle-free working in office as well as entertainment at home. Highly Recommended.	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	The Price of this Product is fluctuating very sharply. This does not provide sufficient time for the users to analyze using reviews and purchase the products. User generally follow the following process to purchase the product: 1. Sort the product. Compare the same with similar products… (View complete review)	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	This is my first order from flipkart, and they are really good. just delivered in two days . and coming to laptop it is quite good, good design very glossy look . eye catching design . I thought HP would be display name on the pannel but to my surprice that is Compac C symbol . but seems good overall	
Compaq	HP Compaq 15-s009TU Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win 8-1- -J8C08PA- -Charcoal Grey-	This is really a good laptop in 30k price range. I guess it is only available on flipkart. Last 2 days i am using this laptop and didn't find any issue. But the only which is not up to my mark is Keypad. Keys are little small. but overall i am very much satisfied. Just for keys i am giving 4 star otherwise 5 start product.	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	A fully loaded i5 laptop at 45K is a killer deal and that too coming from Dell makes the deal sweeter. Amazing laptop at an even amazing price!!	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	After 15-20 days of online research chose this one. Got it from Dell directly, and using it since 2 days.... Well the machine is excellent. Will describe specifications with reason why I chose and its benefits. Evaluate vis-a-vis your requirements. 1. 15.6" Touch Widescreen with 1366 X 768 - Great for 'home use' with 'no need for much portability'..well you need to move along just one room to another, it is OK. Its not much bulky and it has inbuilt battery (shows 7 hrs remaining on full charge). Wide big screen is great for movies and youtube, and working on spreadsheets and reading pdf pag… After 15-20 days of online research chose this one. Got it from Dell directly, and using it since 2 days.... Well the machine is excellent. Will describe specifications with reason why I chose and its benefits. Evaluate vis-a-vis your requirements. 1. 15.6" Touch Widescreen with 1366 X 768 - Great for 'home use' with 'no need for much portability'..well you need to move along just one room to another, it is OK. Its not much bulky and it has inbuilt battery (shows 7 hrs remaining on full charge). Wide big screen is great for movies and youtube, and working on spreadsheets and reading pdf pages with 2 pages open side by side. Touch screen is really a must as it was Windows 8.1. 2. 5th Gen i5 - If budget permits better to go with latest processor..after all you will hope to last laptop for atleast 4-5 years. 3. 8 GB RAM - OS eats approx 3GB. So you should have enough RAM for 5-6 apps running. 6-8 GB is optimum and sufficient and one should choose higher only if their usage of app or gaming needs much RAM. 4. Backlit and spill resistant Full Keyboard - Great for Spreadsheet and Numerical users covers the area nicely. Keys are soft and appropriately spaced. backlit option have 3 modes - off, dim, bright....great for using in dark room and on bed during night. 5. Speakers - Placed in front, sounds crisp and clear and loud enough for being laptop and yes excellent stereo effect, thanks to gap between right and left speakers due to length of the machine. 6. Camera and ports - Nice 720p camea, Two 3.00 USB ports, One 2.00 USB port, audio out (was loud even at 50%) One Ethernet port, HDMI port and SD Card slot..so I think its sufficient. No optical drive - I didn't wanted it. 6. Why Dell? - Simply because of quality trust and after sales service support. I put Apple, Dell and Asus in that order. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	Buy this Laptop....its amazing... best configuration at the best pricing onFlipkart!!!! Just loved it!!!	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I have order 5548 and they have delivered me 3543. Very bad service faced by flipkart for first time i faced. And try to search customer care number that also not getting on there website. Can any one have flipcart customer number where i can raided this complain. Appreciate you help. Thanks, Raj	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I have order 5548 and they have delivered me 3543. Very bad service faced by flipkart for first time i faced. And try to search customer care number that also not getting on there website. Can any one have flipcart customer number where i can raided this complain. Appreciate you… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I knw dell is leading company in the our indian market... but when we talk about this lappy is a piece of crap .....!!!! i have been using it for a month.It does worth 48k of our money. and its not gamers strickly NOT FOR GAMERS...... if u want gaming laptop in dell u can go for 5547 in same price better than this one...but if u still buy this laptop ...I M sure that u gonna curse yourself :( i jst realised that i had just wasted 50k on this of my fathers money for nothing. it gets quickly heated up by few minutes my game play... then i thought might i hav that got a defect piece but after i r… I knw dell is leading company in the our indian market... but when we talk about this lappy is a piece of crap .....!!!! i have been using it for a month.It does worth 48k of our money. and its not gamers strickly NOT FOR GAMERS...... if u want gaming laptop in dell u can go for 5547 in same price better than this one...but if u still buy this laptop ...I M sure that u gonna curse yourself :( i jst realised that i had just wasted 50k on this of my fathers money for nothing. it gets quickly heated up by few minutes my game play... then i thought might i hav that got a defect piece but after i replaced the new one still got the same problems,then i realized tht whole products are the same... cons: 1.IT gets easly heated up by few minutes of usage. 2.U cannot put this laptop on our lap because the GPU airoutlet fan is under this laptop so,if keep it on our lap. the fan air get blocked and heats the whole laptop. 3.U need to plug in charger when you are playing high end gaming,if not u will be not able play in mid or high settings. 4.VERY IMP :when u plugged in charger and using a heavy kinda application when needs to use gpu too...then this laptop heated like literally u can boil eggs on it.... pros: 1.good screen quality (1366*786)resolution. 2.keybord led light. This lappy is ONLY for business porpose (Expand)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I knw dell is leading company in the our indian market... but when we talk about this lappy is a piece of crap .....!!!! i have been using it for a month.It does worth 48k of our money. and its not gamers strickly NOT FOR GAMERS...... if u want gaming laptop in dell u can go for 5547 in same… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I wanted a laptop with good performance but not comprising the design and aesthetics. This laptop does pass through that and I'm pretty happy with the product. Pro's: -Good design. Looks sturdy and very stylish -Good specs -Cheaper than the competition -Dell support (The best you'll get out there) -Original software included -Average-Good battery life of about 5 to 5+ hours -Almost stays cool for the most amount of time -No noise while working -Awesome trackpad -Really nice keyboard with backlit Con's: -Missing touch screen. I saw one of the reviews here and I thought it had a touch screen… I wanted a laptop with good performance but not comprising the design and aesthetics. This laptop does pass through that and I'm pretty happy with the product. Pro's: -Good design. Looks sturdy and very stylish -Good specs -Cheaper than the competition -Dell support (The best you'll get out there) -Original software included -Average-Good battery life of about 5 to 5+ hours -Almost stays cool for the most amount of time -No noise while working -Awesome trackpad -Really nice keyboard with backlit Con's: -Missing touch screen. I saw one of the reviews here and I thought it had a touch screen but it didn't. Although trackpad does really nice job to give you a touch experience. There's many more things inside like accidental cover, pro support, anti-theft software, original Mcafee for 1.5 years etc. I'd highly recommend this one. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	I wanted a laptop with good performance but not comprising the design and aesthetics. This laptop does pass through that and I'm pretty happy with the product. Pro's: -Good design. Looks sturdy and very stylish -Good specs -Cheaper than the competition -Dell support (The b… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	Just brought this lappy ,Its an amazing laptop with unbelievable price,Super sexy at the same time a very professional notebook,Nothing but value for money!!Thanks Guys!!Am highly satisfied with the high configs at the lowest price.	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	Just got this laptop today from Flipkart. And after a day's usage, I've the following things to say. Pros: - Backlit keyboard is a God Send. - The keyboard is a pleasure to use. - Speakers seem good. You can make out the bass, albeit not prominently. Good for a laptop speaker I suppose. - Not at all heavy. This was expected, but it really did surprise me a tad bit. - The 8 GB RAM and the latest processor. These two combined give you a beastly performance. Cons: - The trackpad is a little finicky. Double scroll doesn't work smoothly. The trackpad has a little 'jump' to it. It rattle… Just got this laptop today from Flipkart. And after a day's usage, I've the following things to say. Pros: - Backlit keyboard is a God Send. - The keyboard is a pleasure to use. - Speakers seem good. You can make out the bass, albeit not prominently. Good for a laptop speaker I suppose. - Not at all heavy. This was expected, but it really did surprise me a tad bit. - The 8 GB RAM and the latest processor. These two combined give you a beastly performance. Cons: - The trackpad is a little finicky. Double scroll doesn't work smoothly. The trackpad has a little 'jump' to it. It rattles a little bit. - The display is just OK. There was some True Display software pre-installed on this, and it made colors REALLY stand out, and not in a good way. - LOADS of bloatware from Dell. Revo Uninstaller to the rescue. =P - Fan started up and was pretty loud, just on some light coding. Also, Flipkart delivered this product in a timely fashion. The box was a little dented during the shipping process. But laptop came here in a good condition and no blemishes. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	Just got this laptop today from Flipkart. And after a day's usage, I've the following things to say. Pros: - Backlit keyboard is a God Send. - The keyboard is a pleasure to use. - Speakers seem good. You can make out the bass, albeit not prominently. Good for a l… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	Speakers are not that good as expected..if you are expecting good quality sound..then you should go for hp..within the same range as it has beatsaudio..	
Dell	Dell 5548 Inspiron -Notebook- -Core i5 5th Gen- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5548581TB2S- -SIlver-	this laptop is 5548 not 3543. change the name. dell inspiron 15 3543 has nvidia geforce 820 m and not amd radeon r7 m265. also the serial no.5548581TB2S belongs to dell inspiron 15 5548. the serial no. of dell inspiron 15 3543 is 3543581TB2S	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	DELL INSPIRON 15 3542 this i under top 10 laptops by dell and i must say the touch along with win 8.1 work incredible together. I3 processor is quite good specially the 4 th gen. I have used until 300 GB of the total internal storage of this laptop and there seems to be no problem with the speed… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	Dell is known for good support but what is benefit of it when product is worst. Poor product when we compare price with features list. Better to go with other brand - see atulhost.com/best-laptop-brands	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	Guys - I am suggesting you from my heart . If you do not want to waste your money, then please do not buy any dell product . Granted you have to call Dell call center for repairing within few month . So better go for any other brand . If you want to add value for your money - Thank you	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	I bought the laptop from a dell store and I am using it for the last 15 days...I bought it in silver-black combination which is my favorite..At this price you can't find a better laptop..I didn't find any problems with battery, touch pad or key pad or USB slots which have been mentioned by some people..	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	I have ordered this laptop which was having a very good features and configurations. But the supplier did not send me the OS recovery CD and Dell Driver CD along with the product packet. Which is very unsatisfactory for me. Without those CD it is useless. I request Fliptkart to take care of these things while processing the orders.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	Simple. Great Product, good delivery commitment. I have bought many item from Flipkart in last one year & never disappointed with their service , product , delivery unlike snapdeal , infibeam. I hope you people be commited with your product & service delivery. Thanks ... Appreciate your way !!!	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	The worst nightmare i ever had after buying this lap. Its the worst out there i feel. I feel like Dell should be banned? cause of manufacturing bs like this. Webcam doesn't work quite often. The apps (on windows 8 or 8.1) are too slow to open or never opens, just keeps loading but never opens. A… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	Very nice laptop, but dell should provide driver cd and recovery disk. It would be helpful down the line. Very good lappy, slightly broad then inspiron 3537 at the edges.overall completely satisfied	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	Very recently I have got this laptop from Flipkart. the name DELL says it all. Its a good buy within this Price range. There are one two minor problems or rather you can say hindrances which you might face while you use, such as the hard disc is not equally divided into 2 or 3 hard Disc drive and you can also have a little problem with the new updated windows 8.1 OS, but with time it will be fun using. I would strongly suggest it. 4/5 STARS	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	i have been using it for six months.......and still didn't feel any problem with it, i am just satisfied with my device!!!	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	it is a lovely laptop. i bought it on 22 may 2015 from a local dealer. its very smooyh like a charm.gaming performense so much good.i played on fifa 14,gta 4,modern combat and need for speed rivals......	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	they say that this can be expandable up to 8 gb but they dont even have RAM slot for that , it has only 1 slot and if u want 8gb ram u need to throw away that 4 gb ram which means a loss of 3000 rs , Dell them self confirmed me that this has 2 slot and when i purchased they were like we are sorry for miscommunication .........this is pure unprofessionalism from dell and they are useless peoplle sitting over der , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS LAPTOP	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	touch pad is not good after 3 day webcam not work properly! dont buy this product like other brand hp more	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 15 3542 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -SIlver-	with in the 20 days of purchase it was dead.touch pad was also not good. even after 1 month the money was not refunded to be.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Dell 11- 3148 is overall a very good product. +With Core i3 processor it runs quite fast. +Touch screen experience is pretty good. +Excellent sound and video playback quality.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Dell has only worked on improving Touch feature in this gadget. Keyboard is not up to the mark. Processor is also not matching as per configuration. sometime hang also.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Dell request number : 910391867 I bought Dell 3148 from Bajaj Electronics Hyderabad on 21/04/2015 , The seller is genuine and one of the most trustworthy shop in Hyderabad, Since the day i bought i am facing major issue in PC 1) Adapter warning saying to plug in 45w or above… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Good product value for money.Sleek Design, Robust Build,I would definitely suggest it to a friend as it has many options available. One can use it as a laptop and as a tablet	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Good product, i bought this in exchange. Flipkart service was not upto the mark. Delay in delivery, reached me in 6 days. No laptop bag provided with this. Regarding product, looks are impressive, build is also good. the only drawback is the touchpad. You need to turn off win 8.1 gestures for touchpad to make it work properly. Except touchpad, everything seems ok with 3 days of usage. Can overcome touchpad with an external mouse. 4gb ram - so no lagging. Core i3 - good dispaly is good. Touch screen is perfect 2in1 laptop, tablet mode is impressive Price wise - bit expensive I wou… Good product, i bought this in exchange. Flipkart service was not upto the mark. Delay in delivery, reached me in 6 days. No laptop bag provided with this. Regarding product, looks are impressive, build is also good. the only drawback is the touchpad. You need to turn off win 8.1 gestures for touchpad to make it work properly. Except touchpad, everything seems ok with 3 days of usage. Can overcome touchpad with an external mouse. 4gb ram - so no lagging. Core i3 - good dispaly is good. Touch screen is perfect 2in1 laptop, tablet mode is impressive Price wise - bit expensive I would recommend HP x360 incase you dont need 2in1 feature, touchpads are always smooth in HP products. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	I don't know what to rate, I received my laptop yesterday. The laptop never got started. The battery of the laptop is completely dead and even if I charge the battery for some time, no effect. Flipkart is loosing its credibility faster and faster, they don't even do basic checks before shipping the product. Now I am worried how can I get my money back by returning this junk box back to them. I did a mistake by paying upfornt. Next time I will think twice before buying any electronic product from FK.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	I don't know what to rate, I received my laptop yesterday. The laptop never got started. The battery of the laptop is completely dead and even if I charge the battery for some time, no effect. Flipkart is loosing its credibility faster and faster, they don't even do basic checks before ship… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	I like the Laptop very much and very compact and light weight, 2 in 1 future is awesome !!! yet following things I am not satisfied with. 1. Prone to scratches. The Body is not so tough 2. When I used as a touch, finger marks are visible all over. No smudge resistance. 3. Keypad has to be bit more sturdy. No other issues, I felt. But the feel of using it overcomes the above facts.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	It is a very nice product from Dell. I totally replaced my inspiron 14 inch touch laptop with inspiron 3000 2 in 1. Nice looks, light weight and the tab mode is awesome. Spec is good enough to run adobe photoshop CS5 and Asphalt 8 quite smoothly and fast. Havent tried heavier applications and games since I wont be using them. I wanted a laptop for productive work when I am at work, away from home. Also I wanted a tab since I travel frequently and wanted a mode of entertainment for reading books, playing games and watching videos. Chose this over ipad, lenovo yoga 2 tablet and 12 inch laptops… It is a very nice product from Dell. I totally replaced my inspiron 14 inch touch laptop with inspiron 3000 2 in 1. Nice looks, light weight and the tab mode is awesome. Spec is good enough to run adobe photoshop CS5 and Asphalt 8 quite smoothly and fast. Havent tried heavier applications and games since I wont be using them. I wanted a laptop for productive work when I am at work, away from home. Also I wanted a tab since I travel frequently and wanted a mode of entertainment for reading books, playing games and watching videos. Chose this over ipad, lenovo yoga 2 tablet and 12 inch laptops. Quite satisfied by the way this product meets my both requirements. But totally disappointed with flipkart. Ordered this on 25/10/2014 since Dell was offering extended warranty for purchases up to 26/10/2014. But it took 02 days for flipkart to confirm my order after payment. At delivery, shocked to see the invoice date was 27/10/2014 !!! I almost lost 8000 bucks because of the poor response of flipkart. When I contacted flipkart regarding this, they were quick to respond. But they were in no mood to help. Made me wait for a week to say they were helpless and cant do anything. I dont know where my money has gone from 25th October to 27th October!!! Thanks to Dell, who as usual were at their best while dealing with customers and they extended me their Diwali offer despite the late invoice date. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	This is a very good hybrid laptop from DELL simply perfect.Its touch screen has got a very nice fell to it and screen resolution is also very good which can play HD videos at very good clarity.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	This is my first touch screen yoga style laptop. Pros: 1. Excellent screen 2. Good Battery backup 3. Fun using in tablet mode. Cons: 1. Mousepad is very bad. It hangs at times and I have to put in sleep mode and then awake after that it starts working fine. 2. Keyboard is not very responsive and the plastic in between keys is very flimsy. 3. Rear of the laptop gets very easily scratched as the rubber protection on sides are very low in height. Overall a good laptop to start touch experience. But if one can wait then better wait for a better product.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	This is not a review against Flipkart but against Dell. I have high regards for Flipkart and it's return policy and most importantly it's customer satisfaction. But the following incident made me look with disgust towards the so-celebrated company, Dell. Just after buying a laptop worth 35k+, I lodged a complaint regarding a problem with the hardware, i.e. the touchpad and keyboard and also a problem of the laptop heating up quite frequently. On being asked to format the computer, I did so thrice, yet the problem did not end. Only after one whole month, and that too after numerous mails later… This is not a review against Flipkart but against Dell. I have high regards for Flipkart and it's return policy and most importantly it's customer satisfaction. But the following incident made me look with disgust towards the so-celebrated company, Dell. Just after buying a laptop worth 35k+, I lodged a complaint regarding a problem with the hardware, i.e. the touchpad and keyboard and also a problem of the laptop heating up quite frequently. On being asked to format the computer, I did so thrice, yet the problem did not end. Only after one whole month, and that too after numerous mails later a mechanic was sent to repair the touchpad and cooling fan. Yet, the problem did not stop. He, on calling up a few of his managers found that the problem seemed to be with most of Dell's computer. However, that evening I was only told by an arrogant mister from the customer care that the problem was with my operating system (not to mention this is currently the 3rd OS, one being windows 8.1 and the two win 7 pro). He could not explain the problem that was being faced by most, even with the computers of the representatives themselves, as claimed by the mechanic. Now I am stuck with a NEW machine that does not work properly, and with hardly any option but to visit the customer's court. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	Update: Was having an issue regarding the extended warranty: Thanks to the guys at Flipkart and Dell; got it sorted out! Once again, hats off to Flipkart for their service! Was on the search for a literal 'Lap' top. And this is the best you can get at this price! And somehow, personally I didn't like Windows 8 without touch, Problem solved there also! And I just dumped my iPad & old laptop; coz this serves both the areas!Bought it in exchange for my old Vaio, Got one piece which had scratches all over, informed Flipkart; Amazing service by them, replacement in 5 days! I'm hooked to Flipkart! … Update: Was having an issue regarding the extended warranty: Thanks to the guys at Flipkart and Dell; got it sorted out! Once again, hats off to Flipkart for their service! Was on the search for a literal 'Lap' top. And this is the best you can get at this price! And somehow, personally I didn't like Windows 8 without touch, Problem solved there also! And I just dumped my iPad & old laptop; coz this serves both the areas!Bought it in exchange for my old Vaio, Got one piece which had scratches all over, informed Flipkart; Amazing service by them, replacement in 5 days! I'm hooked to Flipkart! As for the product: PROS: 1. Use it anyway you like! Tablet, Screen with a stand, Tent mode, Laptop, the possibilities are just never-ending! 2. Awesome screen with amazing touch response & clarity! 3. Battery seems to go on forever 4. Moderate weight, Feels so light for a person used to the de-facto laptop. 5. Full sized HDMI port, no convertor required! 6. Very compact, you can carry it with a sleeve inside your bag! 7. With Core i3 processor & 4 GB RAM, it's pretty fast for your everyday tasks! CONS 1. Keyboard keys are very flimsy! Already the down arrow key is showing signs of getting stuck at times! 2. Scratch-Magnet! even a feather can probably leave a scratch on it! 3. Touchscreen is not smudge resistant.. You will find fingerprints all over if you use the touch screen often! 4. The form-factor of the CPU piece seem to be a little less than perfect.. It tends to pivot around even when placed on a flat surface, coz of the slight bulge in the centre! 5. Battery not user-replaceable! 6. No Sleeves provided, maybe Dell can take a note & provide the same free of cost for all the loyal buyers who trusted them ;-) 7. NO ETHERNET PORT, THOUGH IT IS MENTIONED IN THE SPEC LIST OF FLIPKART PAGE! 8. No Optical Drive (which I was aware when I decided to buy). It's a good buy for people looking for a laptop which is ultra-portable & has all the usabilities of a proper laptop & a tablet! (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3148 2-in-1 Laptop -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- Touch- -314834500iST-	after 4 months cons first 1. Scratch magnet - body 2. Finger print - screen 3. not for tough use, delicate. 4. vga camera - below average. 5. flipkart shipped product with scratches and had to gulp down because they disowned scratches immediately. 6. no bag available. pros 1. A4 size 2. light 3. audio and video - superb 4. ram actually upgradable contrary to dells claim. go to intel site. 5. battery backup - excellent. 6. 2 in 1 usefull practically not as tab but for reading and tent mode. 7. touch - excellent 8. position of vent for fan at back ,centre,- so min chance of obstruction. 7. fast … after 4 months cons first 1. Scratch magnet - body 2. Finger print - screen 3. not for tough use, delicate. 4. vga camera - below average. 5. flipkart shipped product with scratches and had to gulp down because they disowned scratches immediately. 6. no bag available. pros 1. A4 size 2. light 3. audio and video - superb 4. ram actually upgradable contrary to dells claim. go to intel site. 5. battery backup - excellent. 6. 2 in 1 usefull practically not as tab but for reading and tent mode. 7. touch - excellent 8. position of vent for fan at back ,centre,- so min chance of obstruction. 7. fast response (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Display comes to life with brilliant HD resolution. Crisp details and resounding colors shine through as you interact with games.Sleek and stylish, the lightweight Inspiron 14 delivers compact productivity when you’re on the run. Your Inspiron is built for the long haul with a spill-resistant keyboard, heavy-duty hinges and durable components.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Display comes to life with brilliant HD resolution. Crisp details and resounding colors shine through as you interact with games.Sleek and stylish, the lightweight Inspiron 14 delivers compact productivity when you’re on the run. Your Inspiron is built for the long haul with a spill-resistant keyboa… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Good laptop, decent performance and excellent delivery by Flipkart. Got it within a day of ordering it. But the biggest disappointment is the fact that to avail of the additional warranty offer one needs to pay Rs 1499 towards 'convenience charges'. This is mentioned in the terms and conditions, but nowhere else on the main offer page. So take this into account when you buy the laptop. But for this I would have given a 5 star rating	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	I am forced to write the review today (for the this particular order) after receiving a faulty laptop again from you...really shameful.. I ordered this laptop few days ago (First Week of April). These all things happens to me...now its twice till today. 1. In first delivery, the box condition was pathetic. I am very regular buyer on Flipkart.com and buying electronic gadget every month, sometime twice a month. I have seen that Flipkart packaging has become really poor for last 9-10 months. 2. When I opened the box I did not find the laptop bagpack, where I am receiving the bag every time I … I am forced to write the review today (for the this particular order) after receiving a faulty laptop again from you...really shameful.. I ordered this laptop few days ago (First Week of April). These all things happens to me...now its twice till today. 1. In first delivery, the box condition was pathetic. I am very regular buyer on Flipkart.com and buying electronic gadget every month, sometime twice a month. I have seen that Flipkart packaging has become really poor for last 9-10 months. 2. When I opened the box I did not find the laptop bagpack, where I am receiving the bag every time I am receiving the product, no matter it was mentioned in the contents on the page or not. 3. There were two seals pasted and when I was removing the upper seal, I found that inner seal was being tampered some one. It was really easy to figure it out that its a rejected or one time used laptop. 4. I ordered grey color laptop but I received Red color... I asked the representative to send grey next time. 5. In the next delivery I received the parcel. And It was really shocking that again there were two seals. and the lower one was already broken. 6. It was so stupid that again I received the laptop in red color. I am sure that it was the same laptop which I received last time. I has to keep that because my work was getting hampered without laptop and I accepted that parcel. To be very honest, I am really disappointed with your service and this time you are completely fail on your commitment. I did not found the product genuine i.e terms of its was untouched. This has forced me to not to buy anything from Flipkart.com now onward. Thanks for doing nothing! (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	I bought this notebook in deewali. The configuration is best tat one can get at this price. Its light weight. U can handle it easily. Design is good. And the screen resolution good. Howevr the speaker sound could be an issue for those who doesnt use woofer or sound boxes.it is low on its own speaker. But with the headphone or woofer it can be neglected. Everything till looks ok.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	It has been five-six months that I have been using this laptop. It's comparatively faster than my older Dell laptop. Windows 8.1 is fast. The boot time has always been under 30 secs.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Its been almost 5 year, I am purchasing goods from flipkart starting from book, electronics, apparel etc. But the trust which I had, Flipkart has lost it for me. I am writing this comment after purchasing Inspiron 3442 laptop from Flipkart. First of all the price which flipkart has is not less than any physical store. So if someone interested to buy any laptop from Flipkart kindly don't buy. Below are the situation which I am facing you might also face if you buy it: 1. It took almost 7 days to deliver the laptop which is not a concern for me. 2. When I open the box, rubber leg was missin… Its been almost 5 year, I am purchasing goods from flipkart starting from book, electronics, apparel etc. But the trust which I had, Flipkart has lost it for me. I am writing this comment after purchasing Inspiron 3442 laptop from Flipkart. First of all the price which flipkart has is not less than any physical store. So if someone interested to buy any laptop from Flipkart kindly don't buy. Below are the situation which I am facing you might also face if you buy it: 1. It took almost 7 days to deliver the laptop which is not a concern for me. 2. When I open the box, rubber leg was missing from the laptop which is placed in the bottom of the laptop and it is useful for ventilation 3. When I go ahead for the accidental insurance registration, what I found, it this laptop is already registered with other owner on the dell website 3. After that I talked to customer care they said kindly write the same thing in the mail and send it to us we will revert in 48 hrs 4. 2nd day I call from the Flipkart they said sorry sir, Issue has been forwarded to mobile team, I will forward it to concern team they will revert again in 48 hrs 5 After 2 days again I got a call from Flipkart and said sir... I will try to arrange missing rubber leg if not then I will exchange the laptop. And for the accidental warranty server is down for once if it will be up you can check it and you will get full 1 year warranty. But neither I got my exchanged laptop not complete warranty. I could see from the dell website my laptop warranty started in Feb 2015 but I bought from Flipkart in May 2015. So here loss of 3 month warranty. This what I experience from Fipkart and defenetlty they have lost one customer after a long relation of almost 5-6 year. Thanks (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Its been almost 5 year, I am purchasing goods from flipkart starting from book, electronics, apparel etc. But the trust which I had, Flipkart has lost it for me. I am writing this comment after purchasing Inspiron 3442 laptop from Flipkart. First of all the price which flipkart has is not… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Overall configuration is very good with the pack of 4 battery cell and intel graphics support and 1year accidental damage protection..	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	Product material i.e overall package seems to be cheap and delicate, I was using dell since 6- 7 yrs and had image that dell is robust but in this product all my image for DeLL have changed. It gets hanged regularly even doing small application. I would suggest anyone going for dell please go for better product than this in term of robustness and performance. Pros: Lighter I am regretting my decision for zeroing on this product. I don't see any option to return,only exchange option available.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	The laptop was bought for a friend of mine, good aesthetics with good performance. A decent purchase. Satisfied.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3442 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -344234500iB1- -Black-	flipkart price is 599 rs more than showroom price. i brought it in hyderabad. Pretty decent and very handy. I got a laptopbag and also a normal mouse for Rs 32500. Keyboard is good. Best laptop with I3 configuration.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	1.the performance is very poor, 2.slow 3.installation takes around 2 hours for 1 gb file 4.its just like a 90s desktops.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	Dell products are good and this one is not an exception either, Flipkart delivery is also excellent as usual. The only issue is that the speakers on this Inspiron are a bit weak, so buying a set of small speakers is probably a good idea. The configuration is fine and perfectly adequate for normal ev… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	I am very happy with the latest specifications which this laptop has offered to me. Easy to install windows and great HD display. People I think you should buy this product with maximum latest specifications. Awesome.....	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	I had purchased this laptop from Flipkart, after read the specification clearly that the Laptop have a window 8.1, but not received, when call the their customer care they said we will not provide the window with the pack Please be careful before buying any product from flipkart	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	I wanted to buy a laptop from my brother who was starting his graduation. Budget was a constraint but didnt want to go low on performance. This machine is more than adequate for the day to day activities. It seamlessly runs all the programs needed for day to day work. I would have liked if the external build quality was a little better but for a 20K laptop it is decent. Being a dell i am sure i wont have concerns regarding service and reliability	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	It is awesome laptop with this rate with windows. i did not felt any problem with AMD APU processor instead of intel. so its better to buy this in this range except giving 5000 extra for intel	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	Please do not buy this. The specifications are wrong. 1. It says it has 2 memory slots 2. Memory is expandable to 8GB As it's performance is very poor and system was getting hanged almost every minute, I decided to upgrade it to 8GB. I called to Dell support for quotation and shocked to found that it has got only one memory slot and also it can support only upto 4GB. I have immediately informed about this to my friend. I had also bought one dell vostro 3546 in July, which has same specifications but when called dell i found the same issue with this laptop as well. This is simply not accep… Please do not buy this. The specifications are wrong. 1. It says it has 2 memory slots 2. Memory is expandable to 8GB As it's performance is very poor and system was getting hanged almost every minute, I decided to upgrade it to 8GB. I called to Dell support for quotation and shocked to found that it has got only one memory slot and also it can support only upto 4GB. I have immediately informed about this to my friend. I had also bought one dell vostro 3546 in July, which has same specifications but when called dell i found the same issue with this laptop as well. This is simply not acceptable, when i asked them to at least replace (Not the one which i bought in July but the one which i bought recently) my laptop with higher configuration and i am ready to pay the difference. they simply ignored me. I hope this helps. Please compare all laptops on FlipKart on other sites for specs before you purchase. Thanks (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	This is very handy notebook for budget friendly users. The screen size is very good and is perfect for day to day use.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	With a decent configuration of APU E1, 4GB, 500GB, this machine gives an experience of of watching movies and playing games on the 15.6 inch HD LED backlit display. The machine runs on a smooth and versatile interface of windows 8.1 In the price range of 21000, it is easily the best value for money machine.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	dell laptops is just a waste of money...they dnt even work properly for a year.... and every time i end up calling the customer care and once you are out of warranty then they will treat you like hell.NO GOOD PRODUCT NO SERVICE.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	i bought this laptop for 21k just before a week i was very much satisfied with the product, though it doesnt perform like core processors for normal usage of watching hd videos, listening music and everyday tasks its more than enough i feel some kind of lag at the beginning, after using it for a couple of days it become normal pros : build quality excellent display preloaded with windows 8 looks very stylish touchpad is excellent to use, its multi touch gesture to use windows 8 excellent battery backup(almost 5hours on wifi and everything) camera is more than expected cons: keyboard keys are… i bought this laptop for 21k just before a week i was very much satisfied with the product, though it doesnt perform like core processors for normal usage of watching hd videos, listening music and everyday tasks its more than enough i feel some kind of lag at the beginning, after using it for a couple of days it become normal pros : build quality excellent display preloaded with windows 8 looks very stylish touchpad is excellent to use, its multi touch gesture to use windows 8 excellent battery backup(almost 5hours on wifi and everything) camera is more than expected cons: keyboard keys are not on the topside, doesnt feel good to type, very hard touchpad keys are also very hard though it can play full hd videos, i saw some lag in playing videos of more size like 4gb though i didnt play any games, i dont think we can play games on this(especially new games) loudspeaker is not loud enough overall its a good product for whose purpose is to watch a 2gb movie/ surfing/ playing some normal games is ok i defienitely recommend this for normal use, as i was very much surprised by the product dell gives for 21k cost (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	i want to buy a laptop can you please suggest this laptop is a pre loaded window or we need to buy window software or if you can suggest any other laptop pls help	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	problems with hard disk of this product...as dell having full support i buy it....but flipkart return policy is very very slow as compare to the other	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 3541 Notebook -APU Dual Core E1- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -3541E14500iB1- -Black-	processor is pretty good about battery : it is just awesome sreen size is good for office and normal use this product worth money	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	A fully loaded Dell laptop. The i5 processor packs enough punch to run most of the games and this when supported by the 8GB RAM and the 2 GB dedicated graphics card is enough to run most of the games. Being an amateur designer i run the photoshop cs6. It seamlessly supports the software with no lags. The only complain i have is that i dont get the premium feel from the laptop which i had expected from Dell at this price range. Could have been better. Overall am happy with the performance and am sure being a Dell this laptop should be reliable!	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	A fully loaded i5 from Dell at this price point is a steal! The fit and finish is good and the exterior has a premium feel like any other Dell laptop. It is good enough to run games but at high graphics settings it tends to show a slight lag.. However this is not something that i can complain about. The track pad could be better.. Overall a good value for money...	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	As usual the product is really good as given in the description. Flipkart service is awesome! Loved the entire process, it was great receiving the product and am writing this on the same day this was delivered.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	Awesome laptop - Awesome high config machine - 8 gb ram is enough to install any software - Stylish look - Performance is satisfied. NO issues after a month usage Cons: No drive is available so in case if want to use a drive, you have to buy a new usb optical drive. No Windows recovery CD is come with order. SO if okay with this optical drive issue.. surely go with this product. Proud owner :)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	Hi, I am writing this review after using this laptop from Dec'14. I liked my 15" inch laptop and am in love with the features. A little bit bulkier in Ultra but light weight considering conventional laptops. Windows 8 really love it. Really works for heavy gaming and development.I don''t li… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	Huge features by Dell Plus, No Heat Good Battery Performance Very Slim Fast Access and Dropbox benefits	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	I bought this product in November 2014. I am satisfied with the performance of the laptop. No issues till now. Only the drive was not partitioned which I did myself with the help of Dell executive. The features and the looks of the laptop is quite attractive. 1 Con: No optical disk drive. Except this, Dell 5547 is a worthy to purchase. Happy Shopping.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	I have purchased this product from a Dell retailer and have found this laptop to be amazing with its performance. There are 2 drawbacks--one is that it doesn't have an optical drive within but doesn't matter these days. People who are still keen on using optical media can purchase one external optic… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	I have recently purchased this Laptop from Flipkart. Got it on the same day I ordered. Just Amazed by service levels of Flipkart and was more Excited to unpack and get my hand on the one of the products I desired the most Here are few things I love about this Laptop : 1. Amazing Battery Life 2. Amazing Configuration 3. Full HD Screen 4. Sleek and Light Weight 5. Backlit Keyboard The Sleek & Stylish Design makes me feel good and proud when ever I give a business presentation or even just while sipping a coffee in a lounge. With Such Amazing configuration It supports all the Games I want … I have recently purchased this Laptop from Flipkart. Got it on the same day I ordered. Just Amazed by service levels of Flipkart and was more Excited to unpack and get my hand on the one of the products I desired the most Here are few things I love about this Laptop : 1. Amazing Battery Life 2. Amazing Configuration 3. Full HD Screen 4. Sleek and Light Weight 5. Backlit Keyboard The Sleek & Stylish Design makes me feel good and proud when ever I give a business presentation or even just while sipping a coffee in a lounge. With Such Amazing configuration It supports all the Games I want to play while in my free time which is supported by Amazing LONG BATTERY LIFE. Also the Backlit Keyboard helps me to see the keys in a low lighting area and is really a feature I Love. Over All It's a wonderful Laptop I ever used so far. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	I was looking for a device which can perform most of my daily task with ease and has good spec. This specific device is very good to work with as its light weight and carries a premium feel of ultra-book. It's instant wakeup time helps a lot during work. I dot like the speaker of this device as it has a very bad sound output. 1TB HDD & 8GB 1600MHZ RAM along with i5 processor helps a lot while using Adobe Photoshop CC. In regards to game I have played watch dog and it's performance level is good due to 2GB of dedicated AMD Radeon graphics. Overall I am highly satisfied and of-course Flipkart de… I was looking for a device which can perform most of my daily task with ease and has good spec. This specific device is very good to work with as its light weight and carries a premium feel of ultra-book. It's instant wakeup time helps a lot during work. I dot like the speaker of this device as it has a very bad sound output. 1TB HDD & 8GB 1600MHZ RAM along with i5 processor helps a lot while using Adobe Photoshop CC. In regards to game I have played watch dog and it's performance level is good due to 2GB of dedicated AMD Radeon graphics. Overall I am highly satisfied and of-course Flipkart delivery via ekart was really awesome as it was delivered long before my delivery time. Pros: Sleek looking, Good Configuration, Back-lit Keyboard Cons: Poor speaker, Heat up (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	Pros: Sleek Design Awesome Configuration Long battery standby No heating problem Cons: Nothing that I can think of Verdict: Just go for it. You will love it.	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	Sleek and Sturdy, light Weight and Best for Gamers looking for Laptops around 50k. It has awesome AMD 2 GB R7 M200 series graphics which makes it to run applications and games really smooth. I have had an experience on NVIDIA GeForce GT 740M as well and i can definitely say this is much better than that. This is my third Laptop and i think is the best among all. The only negative point about it is looks which are not that great though it has a Silver touch! (Reduced one star for that, They could have given a better finish). But who cares till i am able to play all the Games :)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	a very good product with awesome configuration(1TB,8GB,2GB,15.6+backlight :)). have being using it 4 a month n have not faced any major problem except a problem related to driver of d touch pad.looks good n stylish(thanx to metalic finish).and Dell costumer support is also gud..if u r in dilemma..i … (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	got this product from flipkart and no doubt it is an amazing machine pros: charges quickly awsum battery life dosent heat much amazing display very responsive quiet light and easy to carry looks stunning killer specs superb build quality cons: no optical drive without thinking go for this laptop and external optical drive do not cost more than 1500 to 2000	
Dell	Dell Inspiron 5547 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 8GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -5547581TB2S- -SIlver-	the placement of the fans is so wrong,laptop gets heated very much on heavy gaming,the games like crysis 3 and far cry 4 can only run smoothly on lowest settings also the wifi reception was terrible i had to upgrade the bios to fix it overall i'm not very happy with the laptop since it is a gaming laptop and amd has implemented 64bit architecture instead of 128bit..i wont be recommending this for gamers but the laptop is fine for normal usage since the battery life is very good and the metal cover makes you feel its very premium.	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	First of all to all the people who are saying that there is no indicator that te caps lock is on need to use the laptop first. There is a small light in the Caps lock key itself so every time it is on the light glows. The laptop works like a charm. Games, movies, internet and everything else is smooth as butter. A big thumbs up!	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	First of all to all the people who are saying that there is no indicator that te caps lock is on need to use the laptop first. There is a small light in the Caps lock key itself so every time it is on the light glows. The laptop works like a charm. Games, movies, internet and everything els… (View complete review)	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	Good Product.. Working in Good condition Pre-installed Ubuntu free. Good Quality Bag free. Getting Back up up to 3 hrs. 1 year Accidental Damage guarantee from Dell Can extend warranty Warranty card not provided with product.	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	I brought this laptop in assumption it would be best in series but keyboard is of low quality, status LEDs are not there only Caps lock led is given. Also the charger in not good heats up very fast and gives shocks :(	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	I got this product delivered within 40 hours. Happy about it. Im a Core2Duo User with 2GB Ram and 500GB Harddisk Laptop which I got 4 years back. So, wanted an upgrade and found this. The best budget laptop with Core i5 !! Used it for about 4-5 hours. Excellent Performance!! 4GB Ram and 1 TB Harddisk. It's Speedy! The product has a matte finish. Feels okay. Not premium. Performance matters than the looks! ;) Again, it's i5 processor! Everything is fine about this as I am a Ubuntu user! Happy that I could get a best one within my budget. Thanks to Flipkart. :)	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	I purchased dell vestro online in Dec 2014. The Laptop is excellent. The post sale service is excellent. i however was a bit disappointed with the Flipcart post sale service. Suggest to check and install all the software on time. May face installation issues and support at initial stage.	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	Just got this laptop delivered recently. It is a really good one. The processor can multitask efficiently. The ram is there as well. The anti glare screen is really good. Battery Backup is pretty good. Keyboard is sturdy. The laptop body has a matt finish so it feels good in hand. Laptop body material is good not wobbly. The graphics card in this one is good enough to run mediocre games. (PS:Game playing was not necessary for me) On Windows 7 Ultimate the benchmark score is 5.5. Which in my opinion is pretty good in this budget. It comes with a Dell Backpack as well. It comes with Ubuntu 1… Just got this laptop delivered recently. It is a really good one. The processor can multitask efficiently. The ram is there as well. The anti glare screen is really good. Battery Backup is pretty good. Keyboard is sturdy. The laptop body has a matt finish so it feels good in hand. Laptop body material is good not wobbly. The graphics card in this one is good enough to run mediocre games. (PS:Game playing was not necessary for me) On Windows 7 Ultimate the benchmark score is 5.5. Which in my opinion is pretty good in this budget. It comes with a Dell Backpack as well. It comes with Ubuntu 12.0.4 preinstalled. But you can use any Windows you want. I dont know why some users randomly mark the products 1star or 2 Star. PS: Received McAfee antivirus for 15 months. Not at all usefull so using Windows Security Essentials. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	The Laptop is "Shutting Down" automatically sometimes without doing anything. The laptop is very very delicate. When you try to open the laptop it is giving sounds & the bottam of the scrren is very delicate. Everything is madeup of plastic only, Not at all useful for personel purpose,Battery is also not good. Overall the laptop is not at all good. I did not expect this type of product from flipkart end. I suggest the laptop "Dell Vostro 2520 Laptop (3rd Gen Ci5/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Linux)" , the build is good.	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	The lappy comes with a lynux as mentioned in the specs . But we need to install windows in order to perform most of our regular tasks except browsing. Needless to say performance is not very fast with windows OS with this laptop. Better go for M series processors which have higher clock speeds. But the build quality is unmatched. The matte finish is really suitable for professionals. The keys are nicely placed and delivers a nice typing experience. Webcam is also good (though there is a little digital noise). Screen is also anti-glare which is an added advantage. Cons: No HDMI port and no l… The lappy comes with a lynux as mentioned in the specs . But we need to install windows in order to perform most of our regular tasks except browsing. Needless to say performance is not very fast with windows OS with this laptop. Better go for M series processors which have higher clock speeds. But the build quality is unmatched. The matte finish is really suitable for professionals. The keys are nicely placed and delivers a nice typing experience. Webcam is also good (though there is a little digital noise). Screen is also anti-glare which is an added advantage. Cons: No HDMI port and no light indicators for caps-lock and num-lock; No touch pad lock feature. (Expand)	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	i just bought this lap today from flipkart it was doing great but the only problem with it is lack of hdmi port and it doenst have a mic pin too as it having a in bult microphone......	
Dell	Dell Vostro 3546 Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Ubuntu- -3546541TBiGU- -Grey-	the delivery was quick and the laptop is great....i like the non-glare screen . Having an i5 processor and 4gb RAM ..what else do you want?.....Ubuntu is very user friendly.	
HP	HP 15-g221AU -Notebook- -AMD APU Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L8N57PA- -SParkling Black-	I bought laptop on 30th May 2015. Based on 5 days usage, writing pros and cons. Pros : 1) value of money 2) AMD APU A6 processor better than i3 ( gaming applications, graphics ) 3) Never hang ( speed is higher ) 4) better for daily use ( surfing, document work or running mini soft wares ) 5) 1 Year ADP ( official warranty from HP ). How ? official link : www.hp.com/in/getadp Cons: 1) heat issue ( power management ) after playing HD games. Regards Yesbir Singh	
HP	HP 15-g221AU -Notebook- -AMD APU Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L8N57PA- -SParkling Black-	I dont trust buying from other sellers...I want WS Retail to come back with their as low as possible prices....before it was 19,999 rs from ws retail... I want to buy this laptop... I like the config of the laptop for my daily uses(no gaming), this is sufficient.... Please come back ASAP...(with same or even low price you marked for this product before) Plz Plz Plz...	
HP	HP 15-g221AU -Notebook- -AMD APU Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L8N57PA- -SParkling Black-	Its really a nice laptop i first believed by seeing reviews that it was not good and used for three day and explore the laptop the laptop is really good we can even compare with the i3 processor the graphics are so nice after purchasing the laptop first thing u should is to install windows and download all the drivers from hp website and the laptop works like awesome i previously used i3 laptop believe me u wont regret buying this one.	
HP	HP 15-g221AU -Notebook- -AMD APU Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L8N57PA- -SParkling Black-	This is a a good looking laptop at Budget pricing. Performance wise, it will not win any races, but it is good for everyday use like net browsing, You tube and MS Office. Sound Quality of in built speakers is also decent and so is the battery life. This laptop can easily last 3:30-4:00 hrs. In built GPU in AMD APU Quad core is much better than Intel HD graphices and PDC/PQC processor that you get in comparative intel dual core laptops and is good enough to play pre year 2009 games at moderate to high settings. I would also recommend Windows 8.1 rather than Windows 7, simply because of fast… This is a a good looking laptop at Budget pricing. Performance wise, it will not win any races, but it is good for everyday use like net browsing, You tube and MS Office. Sound Quality of in built speakers is also decent and so is the battery life. This laptop can easily last 3:30-4:00 hrs. In built GPU in AMD APU Quad core is much better than Intel HD graphices and PDC/PQC processor that you get in comparative intel dual core laptops and is good enough to play pre year 2009 games at moderate to high settings. I would also recommend Windows 8.1 rather than Windows 7, simply because of faster speed of the Windows 8.1 (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-g221AU -Notebook- -AMD APU Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L8N57PA- -SParkling Black-	This is a good product for daily uses. I am using it for past 1 month and its working fine. Look is good. Performance wise speed is good but not for those who lose patience immediately. Older games can be played. I wanted windows 7 laptop thus i took this and installed windows 7 myself. Downloading drivers was a issue but took help from driver identifier app and got necessary drivers from there. Battery is working for 4 hours atleast. I would have given 5 but sound quality is low but not very bad at this price. For standard (office, browsing,movies, counter strike,pictures) users its good.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	5 stars for the lappy I was about to order the product today..checked price and offers in the morning.. And now BAM!!! Price increased by 5K also backpack no more available. Fine I will switch to some other shopping platform now.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	As always. Flipkart is bang on time . Ordered Friday 11th Morning and Received on Saturday (Normal Delievery). About the Product.. ITs awesome and works really well. NVIDEA 2GB Graphic Card is a Beast. One Caution for everyone Buying. There is this PRoblem with WIFI Driver. IT was not connecting to internet. I found the solution online . Download the latest driver and copy and Install. Works fine now.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	Great performance overall......bein a non-gaming otherwise very heavy continuous user, this Laptop is value for money... Technicalities have been covered by other reviewers; I am highlighting a very disconcerting fact about this HP Laptop. All buyers are cautioned against buying similar items with a single composite base cover that prohibits upgrading RAM without a complete disassemble of the hardware. Top HP vendors in Kolkata and big ones in Bhubaneswar have either failed to or are antsy in opening up the Laptop for RAM upgrading from 4 GB to 8 GB. Vendors comprehend that Warranty may be co… Great performance overall......bein a non-gaming otherwise very heavy continuous user, this Laptop is value for money... Technicalities have been covered by other reviewers; I am highlighting a very disconcerting fact about this HP Laptop. All buyers are cautioned against buying similar items with a single composite base cover that prohibits upgrading RAM without a complete disassemble of the hardware. Top HP vendors in Kolkata and big ones in Bhubaneswar have either failed to or are antsy in opening up the Laptop for RAM upgrading from 4 GB to 8 GB. Vendors comprehend that Warranty may be compromised if they disassemble the Laptop......HP Remote Assistance has been very helpful and has recommended visit to Service Centre in Bhubaneswar....call to them was answered with "We do not upgrade".....persistence on my part ultimately results in "Please purchase only HP 4 GB RAM and bring it to us and we will fit it in"..........so, Caveat Emptor, is all I would say. For more detail, visit the following flipkart link: http://flipkart.com/dl/hp-15-r014tx-notebook-4th-gen-ci5-4gb-1tb-win8-1-2gb-graph-j2c54pa/p/itmdwz2gcy4h5sfa?pid=COMDWZ2GHWUW5RE6&srno=b_4&affid=patrapate (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	I bought this product about a week ago at a retail store for 44k. Its a latest model by hp with good configuration. i5 processor has great performance and battery backup. Keyboard is very good. Playing hi end games shall give no problems in this device. Yes it does heatup while gaming but all the laptops heatup during gaming that is why coolpad is recommended for heavy gaming. Battery backup is decent lasting for about 3 hours on normal usage. Sound is Good. At this particular price point This is the best laptop for an engineering student. 4 of my friends have ordered the same model after usi… I bought this product about a week ago at a retail store for 44k. Its a latest model by hp with good configuration. i5 processor has great performance and battery backup. Keyboard is very good. Playing hi end games shall give no problems in this device. Yes it does heatup while gaming but all the laptops heatup during gaming that is why coolpad is recommended for heavy gaming. Battery backup is decent lasting for about 3 hours on normal usage. Sound is Good. At this particular price point This is the best laptop for an engineering student. 4 of my friends have ordered the same model after using mine. Overall there was no problem as such. once i did face a problem as the touchpad was not responding but now its fine. (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	I bought this product on Oct 20th, since then I have tried installing all the heavy designing software as well as high graphic games and since then i have not faced any problem yet. I would suggest to go for combo offer of extending warranty upto 3 years by paying 1999. Technical Specifications OS : Windows 8.1 (Backup can be taken only once on DVD or Pen Drive, but its recovery image remains safe in a separate hard drive too) USB 3.0 : It works really good, as I get the transfer speed upto 70-80mbps. RAM : 4 GB Ram is sufficient and does not lags on multiple applications. GRAPHIC CARD: N… I bought this product on Oct 20th, since then I have tried installing all the heavy designing software as well as high graphic games and since then i have not faced any problem yet. I would suggest to go for combo offer of extending warranty upto 3 years by paying 1999. Technical Specifications OS : Windows 8.1 (Backup can be taken only once on DVD or Pen Drive, but its recovery image remains safe in a separate hard drive too) USB 3.0 : It works really good, as I get the transfer speed upto 70-80mbps. RAM : 4 GB Ram is sufficient and does not lags on multiple applications. GRAPHIC CARD: NVIDIA 2GB graphic card works absolutely fine. HARD DISK: 1 TB gives you sufficient data to store which is more thsn enough for normal use. If you are planning to buy these specifications then go for it instead of HP P001TX as its price 3-4k more than this and you will get the same specifications with a difference only in the outer body design. (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	I have been a DELL laptop user for past years and was irritated by heating issues. I am sure DELL would have corrected that in their new models, however I did not want to take a chance, so wanted to buy HP N-208TX which has very positive feedback. But when I searched for it, this laptop (R-014TX) was shown to be newer version of N-208TX. It has improved processor, graphics card and a better keyboard. More importantly this one is cheaper by 3-4K.So I decided to buy R-014TX. Flipkart did an excellent job to deliver the product in 14 hours as I choose the same day delivery. Now coming to the prod… I have been a DELL laptop user for past years and was irritated by heating issues. I am sure DELL would have corrected that in their new models, however I did not want to take a chance, so wanted to buy HP N-208TX which has very positive feedback. But when I searched for it, this laptop (R-014TX) was shown to be newer version of N-208TX. It has improved processor, graphics card and a better keyboard. More importantly this one is cheaper by 3-4K.So I decided to buy R-014TX. Flipkart did an excellent job to deliver the product in 14 hours as I choose the same day delivery. Now coming to the product.. Pros: Super fast processor, no lag in response. Look is average, the keyboard is very smooth and nice to use. Getting battery backup of 5.5 hours on normal use which is excellent. 1TB HDD is good enough. This machine does not have any heating issue on normal use. Yet to check the same while playing games. This has NVIDIA graphics card, though did not test it yet on games. Cons: Little disappointed with the speaker quality, sound is ordinary. Once the battery level reaches 10%, it hibernates without further warning. But these should not cause of worry for this price range. Overall excellent product in this price range. (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	I ordered a combo of this laptop with an American Tourister bag. I got 'em both within 2 days of ordering. Flipkart was excellent in delivery and packaging as usual. The laptop is excellent and its totally worth the money ! DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE. Buy this before the offer runs out ! getting a latest laptop with all latest features for such a cheap rate is rare ! I am totally in love with this laptop. P.S. DON'T ORDER A LAPTOP BAG WITH THIS AS THE LAPTOP ALREADY INCLUDES A HP BAG. I HAD TO RETURN THE BAG I ORDERED SEPARATELY (combo offer) NOT KNOWING THAT THE LAPTOP ALREADY INCLUDES ONE.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	It's been 3 months that I've been using this laptop and really its awesome the only problem is that its keypad is very light but overall it's outstanding. 5 out of 5.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	Its very nice. I played GTA IV, GTA V, NFS MW 2012, NFS RIVALS and WATCHDOGS(little lag) and they ran flawlessly. however it gets heated due to high cpu usage for games But when u r not playing games It remains cool due to 4th gen i5 processor. Its battery backup is about 5 hrs( … (View complete review)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	Only one word about the flipkart delivery, they are simply AWESOME!!!. About the laptop, yea, looks stylish and working good. Only issue is the mouse pointer freeze when i do full scan with Mcafee antivirus. Not sure this is the issue in lap, bcz many non hp users also who use Mcafee AV face the sam… (View complete review)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	The mouse touchpad is extremely annoying. It freezes very frequently. Just randomly freezes and you cant move the pointer . Random clicks and after few minutes of frustration it starts working again. I googled up and saw so many complaints about this. But HP forums had no standard answers. Crap, please stay away.	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	Very Bad Service from HP I handed over laptop HP Pavilion g6-2314AX (SN: 5CD3205KHH) to the under mentioned service center on 13th November 2014 for resolving display(dead pixel) issue. They returned the laptop after two months which is not working properly, they ensured me that they will give onsite support for the laptop. Till now my laptop is a piece of some electronic components which I couldn't use. I am totally unsatisfied with the way hp treats their customers and service they provide. Ensure Support Services (India) Limited Door No.39/3723, 1st Floor,SR Complex, Ravipuram Road, Coc… Very Bad Service from HP I handed over laptop HP Pavilion g6-2314AX (SN: 5CD3205KHH) to the under mentioned service center on 13th November 2014 for resolving display(dead pixel) issue. They returned the laptop after two months which is not working properly, they ensured me that they will give onsite support for the laptop. Till now my laptop is a piece of some electronic components which I couldn't use. I am totally unsatisfied with the way hp treats their customers and service they provide. Ensure Support Services (India) Limited Door No.39/3723, 1st Floor,SR Complex, Ravipuram Road, Cochin 682016 Kerala (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	i bought this laptop a week before. It frequently get hanged and everytime i have press esc button and refresh it in order to continue. Also the backspace is automatically typing tself , one of the worst product . I have requested for a refund for the product , … (View complete review)	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	its very very good. i am using it from 6 months with not a single problem graphic card working great , no problems during gaming nice audio but no beats otherwise but it's ok	
HP	HP 15-r014TX Notebook -4th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -J2C54PA- -SParkling Black-	touchpad suckss!! othewise value for money!!! soundquallity poor,otherwise all good :) its not a scratchless body,& laptop lids n edges very fancy!! have to handle with care	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	A perfect laptop with great service from HP.Browse the internet,watch videos and with 4gb of RAM,this laptop is capable of handling demanding applications as well.I am a happy camper.This is my first review btw even though I've been shopping with Flipkart since 2008 and have made purchases of more than a lakh cumulatively.I made the effort to write a positive review because the laptop means that much to me.	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	Cons. Lags while browsing Breaks in sound and video while streaming youtube videos (even when fully buffered). OS occassionally hangs Pros No heating issues Good display and sound No issues noticed while playing videos from Harddisk	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	First of all I got 2000 off from standard charted and extra 5% off from flipkart, so got it for Rs. 20790 thanks to both of them, and special thanks to FK for its lightening delivery, booked it on 15th night and received it on 27th morning. I use the laptop for personal use and not for any official use or for heavy weight applications like SAP etc, for my kind of users this is the best. Only compromise is instead of Intel i3 this has Pentium quad core but for the people who do not use weighted apps there is no diff, rest of the config is the standard 500gb/4gb/15.6/1 USB 3.0 port/HD cam/HD BL … First of all I got 2000 off from standard charted and extra 5% off from flipkart, so got it for Rs. 20790 thanks to both of them, and special thanks to FK for its lightening delivery, booked it on 15th night and received it on 27th morning. I use the laptop for personal use and not for any official use or for heavy weight applications like SAP etc, for my kind of users this is the best. Only compromise is instead of Intel i3 this has Pentium quad core but for the people who do not use weighted apps there is no diff, rest of the config is the standard 500gb/4gb/15.6/1 USB 3.0 port/HD cam/HD BL LED/1.33mHZ/2.16gHz etc. Pentium quad core is superior to i3 as it got 4 cores processor where as i3 got 2 cores only. Speaking truth we never use 4 cores for home purpose and almost all the apps will be good with 1-2 cores, taking this into consideration 4 core is not of great use (for home purpose) and each core in i3 faster than Pentium QC, so i3 is faster but you will never realize this difference because the measure will be in micro seconds. If you have an app that makes use of multi core then Pentium QC is best. Sorry if I confused you... Satish Naidu (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	High Performance - Low Budget - Cool Looking - Laptop. This machine is worth what you will pay for. I bought it 2 months back. And it has shown no issues till now. Obviously you cannot expect a PQC processor to work like i5, but at price of 24000, this is a very good laptop. I also gifted this to my niece on her birthday for school projects. Go for it !!	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	I got this laptop in 23k. This is a worthy laptop no mistake, it is qualitatively best and with good battery backup in comparatively to other laptops, quad core intel in this give high speed in working. 500hdd, 4gb ddr3, and very imp 8x dvd wr. grat laptop by HP.	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	I m using this piece for last couple of weeks and the experience is truly magnificent. At this price point it is the best laptop in the market. As far as the performance is concern, its better than most of the 30k laptops. screen is just awesome, battery back 6-8 hrs on single charge, no heat what so ever, lag free operation, boot up within seconds, webcam and other connectivity features working properly, looks is slick and light weight. it is a great invesment........dont waste ur money on i3.....you will never regret your choice i bet .......	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	It's a very good working laptop. Working realy nice and smooth...design not satisfied me but considering the performance I satisfy a lot.	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	The laptop is decent for everyday use, Came with 4 GB RAM and Windows 8.1! Very easy to get running. Laptop runs well, not much heat and light weight. Screen is average quality. Battery is very average - 4 cell. The bad points - Windows 8.1 Did not come with a C… (View complete review)	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	This Laptop is way too good for this config. at the price point given. Bought this Laptop few days back and the performance so far has been amazing. The RAM is expandable upto 8 GB which is definetely an advantage. The HD cam is another feather in the cap. 500 GB hard disk is pretty good. Overall will surely recommend this Laptop and definitely worth it to invest your money on this.	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	While everything about this product looks good from outside (Brand, specs, design) real deal is inside. Its sluggish within a week's use. Hangs, screen is awful. Poor viewing angles, color reproduction is below par. It's not a small investment. If you can live with around with less memory then do consider Asus eeebook. Using it from more than a month and its brilliant. Everything is perfect apart from low internal memory (which can be boosted using memory card as done in mobiles)	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	While everything about this product looks good from outside (Brand, specs, design) real deal is inside. Its sluggish within a week's use. Hangs, screen is awful. Poor viewing angles, color reproduction is below par. It's not a small investment. If you can live with around with less memory then do co… (View complete review)	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	You can definitely go for this computer if you want a performing machine for work and entertainment. I bought it @30000 and it is very competitive at this price. You wont regret buying at this price will all these configurations. It is also the best for the home use for children.	
HP	HP 15-r119TU Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8T57PA- -SParkling Black-	super brand hp. everything is good in this range of cost. only problem is no bag and cd provided. check other positive reviews. all are very fine.it is recommended for all.	
HP	HP 15-r203TX -Notebook- - Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- DOS- 2GB Graph- -K8U03PA- -SParkling Black-	Awesome laptop. just bought recently. Will i need a cooler pad for this laptop? what will be he most suitable cooler pad for this laptop?	
HP	HP 15-r203TX -Notebook- - Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- DOS- 2GB Graph- -K8U03PA- -SParkling Black-	Excellent job on delivery,really good packaging,specs are exactly as written in the specifications,runs good, saying that,NONE of the drivers needed were available on the hp website,so if you buy this laptop,you'll need to do some digging on the hardware and download drivers from various websites, for example,4th gen intel hd driver listed on the hp website isn't compatible with this 5th gen processor,and also the driver for the wifi didn't work for me(the hardware is not from ihe manufacturer listed,one can check for realtech drivers)	
HP	HP 15-r203TX -Notebook- - Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- DOS- 2GB Graph- -K8U03PA- -SParkling Black-	I bought this laptop from another retailer and not Flipkart. Regarding the Laptop, it's undoubtedly the best laptop within the range of 40K. Need not mention the specs as they are already mentioned on flipkart. Installing the drivers is a bit of a tedious work and may take time but HP Support Website detects the model automatically and shows the drivers required so finding them won't cause you any problem. (You Need to download Realtek Ethernet/Wifi driver beforehand to make sure your laptop connects to the internet) I've been using this laptop for over a month now and it's working like a c… I bought this laptop from another retailer and not Flipkart. Regarding the Laptop, it's undoubtedly the best laptop within the range of 40K. Need not mention the specs as they are already mentioned on flipkart. Installing the drivers is a bit of a tedious work and may take time but HP Support Website detects the model automatically and shows the drivers required so finding them won't cause you any problem. (You Need to download Realtek Ethernet/Wifi driver beforehand to make sure your laptop connects to the internet) I've been using this laptop for over a month now and it's working like a charm. No issues whatsoever. If you can install any OS on your own, I'd suggest you to go for DOS based laptops like this as it gives more specs at a lesser cost. I'm yet to install games so will review about it's graphical performance later. The battery life is satisfactory overall and charges fast as well. Pros: 1. Specs 2. Looks - Dell Inspiron < HP r203TX < HP Pavilion Series 3. Display 4. Battery Life 5. Well Priced 6. Smooth Touchpad Cons: It misses the extra features of Pavilion series such as 1. 1 USB 3.0 Port 2. No BEATS Audio 3. No pre-installed HP apps (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r203TX -Notebook- - Core i5 5th Gen- 4GB- 1TB- DOS- 2GB Graph- -K8U03PA- -SParkling Black-	Worth paying 42K for this awesome product. Have purchased this laptop 2 weeks ago. Got this laptop for a price of 40,740 as i was having offer on my credit card :P. The laptop is working good and till date no issues. Got the delivery of this product from flipkart within 3 days from booking. KUDOS to flipkart. The hardware is really good. The laptop is really cool when playing games and doing other tasks. Would prefer HP rather than Dell. Dont think much, just book it, you would not regret buying this product.	
HP	HP 15-r206TU -Notebook- -Core i3 5th Gen- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8U06PA- -SParkling Black-	+ 5th generation entry level processor. Speed is okay. + Good battery backup. I ran it for 4 hours with general usage and it had still 28% left. - No Media supplied with laptop (No drivers. No Windows Disc. No Recovery Disc). - Poor build. The base cover looks really cheap and in a short while the laptop would look ages old. - The cheap build is reflected in DVD drive, you could swing the tray in either direction when it comes out. Laptop ODDs do have these issues but certainly not what it seems with this laptop. - 5400 RPM HDD. Are these still manufactured ? Moreover, supplied with 5th gener… + 5th generation entry level processor. Speed is okay. + Good battery backup. I ran it for 4 hours with general usage and it had still 28% left. - No Media supplied with laptop (No drivers. No Windows Disc. No Recovery Disc). - Poor build. The base cover looks really cheap and in a short while the laptop would look ages old. - The cheap build is reflected in DVD drive, you could swing the tray in either direction when it comes out. Laptop ODDs do have these issues but certainly not what it seems with this laptop. - 5400 RPM HDD. Are these still manufactured ? Moreover, supplied with 5th generation processor ? Awful selection. A 7200 RPM drive must have been equipped with difference not more than Rs. 500-600. Seller: TabTree. The packing was good. Final Verdict: Specifications are okay but build quality is a serious let down. It's not the best option in this price range. Review: I opened the laptop, and inspection of the build material was sure discouraging. The top panel was glossy and looked decent but base is having mediocre quality build. The DVD tray when comes out, swings almost an inch in both directions. Not sure how many months can this drive hold on ? The laptop comes loaded with 8.1 and two partitionas. C having 460 GB allocated for OS and data files. D with remaining space for disaster recovery. Surprised ? Wait, there's still a lot to come. Since there is no OS disc, you can't repartition the drive to standard C for OS, D for Data, and E for Recovery. For any disaster, if OS gets corrupted and format is the sole option, you have the high risk of losing data. Though advanced users can customize it by downloading drivers, Win 8.1 trial version, and activating it by retrieving the key through HP support but that would take a fair amount of time and patience. It took almost 2-3 hours to clean the junk that comes with OEM installation. Now the laptop is giving expected performance but with more data and usage, Slow hard drive would prove a major barricade to the performance. Couple of months may start emanating the signs of cheap build. I usually prefer contacting the sales department of vendor directly, having a sales person assigned, negotiating the price, and getting the unit delivered with complete peace of mind and additional reliability of return/repair. This is what I had with Dell Inspiron 15R. The unit was imported from Singapore and it had significantly better looks and sturdy build compared to the model I saw at local dealers. For a small key malfunction, I was given a new laptop + a bag free as compensation. In this case, I had urgency and what seemed best options eventually proved not close to even an acceptable mark. I initiated return but the time Flipkart would take to do it would be more than I can wait so I am keeping this laptop. ------------------------------------------------- Corsair 300R Chassis Intel i7 3770 CPU Coolermaster TX3 EVO CPU Cooler Asus P8H77 m-pro Motherboard 16 GB Ripjaws X G.Skill DDR3 RAM Sapphire 7770 1GB DDR5 Graphic card ASUS DX Soundcard Samsung 850 EVO 250 GB SSD Seagate 3TB Barracuda HDD Seagate 2TB Barracuda HDD Seagate 1TB Expansion Plus Ext. HDD Win7 Ultimate SP1 Audio Technica ATH-WS77 Headset (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r206TU -Notebook- -Core i3 5th Gen- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -K8U06PA- -SParkling Black-	Thank U sooooooo much to Flipkart.com and WS Retail Team for Giving me this Awsome Product HP 15-r206TU (Notebook) (Core i3 5th Gen/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Win8.1) (K8U06PA) SParkling Black just @ 31k its 100% original product and their packing is said to soo awsome with a laptop bag.. Goods: *Windows 8.1 Pre-installed, *5th Gen Intel Core i3 - 5010u Variant, *Sleeker and Light Weight, *Its processing Speed Really Good RAM Speed 1600MHz and it Performance make me amazed, *Just i installed the battery and i ON the Power Button Advanced Win 8.1 superbbb.... Just it takes 5 Minutes to Install and got re… Thank U sooooooo much to Flipkart.com and WS Retail Team for Giving me this Awsome Product HP 15-r206TU (Notebook) (Core i3 5th Gen/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Win8.1) (K8U06PA) SParkling Black just @ 31k its 100% original product and their packing is said to soo awsome with a laptop bag.. Goods: *Windows 8.1 Pre-installed, *5th Gen Intel Core i3 - 5010u Variant, *Sleeker and Light Weight, *Its processing Speed Really Good RAM Speed 1600MHz and it Performance make me amazed, *Just i installed the battery and i ON the Power Button Advanced Win 8.1 superbbb.... Just it takes 5 Minutes to Install and got ready.. *15.6 LED Display, *Best laptop for Daily Use... "Really am saying from my experience Buying Laptop online from Flipkart.com is 100% Original Product and 100% Trusted and their Packing and Delivery is just makes me Amazed Just go For it..... (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r250TU -Notebook- -Pentium Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L2Z89PA- -SParkling Black-	Budget laptop from HP again. bought from one of the shop ,Met my expectations.. Good for everyday usage... Light weight and sturdy support windows	
HP	HP 15-r250TU -Notebook- -Pentium Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L2Z89PA- -SParkling Black-	I have purchased it on 23 march 2015 for amount rs.23590 on flipkart.com . everything work fine .no heating problem . processing is very fast . battery backup is very good. display quality is also ok . so overall it is very good budget laptop. only issue is that you will have go on hp website for downloading drivers for sound/wi-fi etc. I'm ok with it.	
HP	HP 15-r250TU -Notebook- -Pentium Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L2Z89PA- -SParkling Black-	Overall the laptop is good. For general and office user, this laptop should be ideal. Ample amount of RAM and processing power. Good display, lightweight very handy. The battery backup looks very good, do not if this battery performance continue to be like this even after 2/3 years. I am a programmer and heavily use the command line. I have installed Ubuntu 14.01, which is running fine. But one thing that making me crazy is the 'insert' key. The insert key, which is extremely useful who uses command line is clubbed with 'print screen' key! Actually I did not notice it for the last 3 days and … Overall the laptop is good. For general and office user, this laptop should be ideal. Ample amount of RAM and processing power. Good display, lightweight very handy. The battery backup looks very good, do not if this battery performance continue to be like this even after 2/3 years. I am a programmer and heavily use the command line. I have installed Ubuntu 14.01, which is running fine. But one thing that making me crazy is the 'insert' key. The insert key, which is extremely useful who uses command line is clubbed with 'print screen' key! Actually I did not notice it for the last 3 days and thought HP had removed it. The key is extremely small and further smaller is the label 'ins' added as func+ key. This is not helpful for programmer like us. Another negative point is the size of the keys, which are also relatively small. I am habituated with DELL laptop, so size of the keys are little problematic, specially the CTRL key. Many time I have search for the key, same for the up/down keys. Due to the size of the keys, the spacing of the keys also reduced leading to mis-typing and hitting of wrong key! The touchpad response is good, but not excellent. Still I can live with it. Apart from the above mentioned issues, I think the laptop is good. So, a word of caution to users, who uses command line regularly. Please evaluate and then purchase. Flipkart service is excellent, I needed this laptop urgently and used "in a day delivery" option, and they kept their promises. I still haven't checked with the warranty process, did not find any documentation inside the package. (Expand)	
HP	HP 15-r250TU -Notebook- -Pentium Quad Core- 4GB- 500GB- DOS- -L2Z89PA- -SParkling Black-	The HP r250tu laptop is best. For general and office user, this laptop should be ideal. 4GB of RAM, 500 GB HDD, 15.4 inch screen, Light weight, sleek and brand "HP" all together in one. I will suggest to go for it if your budget in 20-22K. I have purchased it on 20200 thanks to Axis Bank for there offer.	
HP	HP 15-r284TU Notebook -Core i3 4th Gen- 4GB- 500GB- Free Dos- -M4X87PA- -SParkling Black-	HP 15-r284TU Notebook comes with Intel i3 4th Gen/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Free Dos at a price point of 26500/- is a very good deal, I just bought a Lenovo laptop with same configuration with 3rd gen processor @ 28900/- from a shop . its nice deal guys.	
HP	HP 15-r284TU Notebook -Core i3 4th Gen- 4GB- 500GB- Free Dos- -M4X87PA- -SParkling Black-	last week i bought this laptop from retail shop for 28000INR and at that time this product was not available on flipkart i wish i would have wait for some more time, anyways i have been using this laptop and it is very good..!!	
HP	HP Pavilion 11-n032tu x360 Netbook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -J8B99PA- -Brilliant Red-	Its best 360 degree laptop by hp , red colour looks very rich and configuration is also excellent for all sort of uses , battery back up is approx 3-4 hrs , flipkart packaging and delivery is superb as usual	
HP	HP Pavilion 11-n032tu x360 Netbook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -J8B99PA- -Brilliant Red-	This is a small red thing (11'' screen) of beauty and it also gives a nice performance. It's 4gb ram and Pentium quad-core processor does your everyday computing tasks easily with a little bit of stutter here & there to be honest. It's battery lasts for 3 and a half hours with heavy to moderate usage. Though it boasts 2 speakers with beats audio, it's sound is not that loud. Also it's touch response is pretty good. And most of the games play pretty well on this device.	
HP	HP Pavilion 15-p211tx Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- Touch- 2GB Graph- -K8U35PA-	Ordered it on 14th May and got the delivery on 15th May as promised by Flipkart's in a day delivery. Overall a good buy considering the price.. Had some minor issue with the down arrow key but Flipkart and HP were good in resolving it apart from that, Everything looks good so far. Will update once I test everything about this beast. :)	
HP	HP Pavilion 15-p211tx Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- Touch- 2GB Graph- -K8U35PA-	received with 3 days and got cheap @46k . sealed packed delivery.no scratches and nothing.vtm seller thank you.about laptop,touch is awesome no lags.keyboard and screen good.no office !!	
Lenovo	Lenovo B40-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-443490- -FHD-	Built Quality is good: Slim yet heavy FHD screen is awesome. I have used the product for one day and its amazing.. No heating.. no issues I faced..	
Lenovo	Lenovo B40-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-443490- -FHD-	My more than old Dell Inspirion 3521 with similar specs seems a better buy even after over a year and a half. I bought this one for my Son who's a student. Will now probably will give him Dell as he is prefers that machine. Further comments hopefully will be added hopefully after using it for a month. Listed below are a few pros and cons. Pros: 1) Awesome FHD screen 2) It's actually a thinkpad for Business use (As told to me by Lenovo Guys) 3) Not mentioned on the buying page, but it has 2 years extended warranty absolutely free. Cons: 1) Tacky keypad and a not very good trackpad. 2)Manufac… My more than old Dell Inspirion 3521 with similar specs seems a better buy even after over a year and a half. I bought this one for my Son who's a student. Will now probably will give him Dell as he is prefers that machine. Further comments hopefully will be added hopefully after using it for a month. Listed below are a few pros and cons. Pros: 1) Awesome FHD screen 2) It's actually a thinkpad for Business use (As told to me by Lenovo Guys) 3) Not mentioned on the buying page, but it has 2 years extended warranty absolutely free. Cons: 1) Tacky keypad and a not very good trackpad. 2)Manufacturing Date as mentioned on the Machine 15/03/08 (So it seems like a old machine with new processors built inside) 3) Despite the size being small, it really is not a light machine (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo B40-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-443490- -FHD-	Very effective for day to day use.... Pros: Full HD screen is very vibrant looks good speed for browsing, office work and software handling( I am not a gamer) battery life Bluetooth,wifi,usb,hdmi,fingerprint scanner,dvd drive and everything works very smoothly 3 years extended onsite warranty!!! (yeah thats right) absolutely free Cons: Nothing at all sometimes I think that the key board may have back lit :-) Thats bcoz we r human and our desire doesnt end :-) go for it u can be wrong at this price point.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	As per details, Battery lasts for 4 hours (near by). Good looks and slim. No Heat produced even used for long time. Cons: Keypad would have been little better though not bad.. Slight touch.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	Flipkart delivered it within 4 days. In 26k it is best purchase in given configuration. I would recommend it to some one looking for laptop in this lower budget. Except webcam every thing is just fine.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	Good Battery Backup. Good Sound System WebCamera is not so good. Apart from this I don't see anything to be pointed out.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	I have checked this product on other site and compare to other site flipkart price is too high even after getting some discount. Please check.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	I would recommend this product who are looking for multipurpose (daily activities and gaming). This model has 1.9 GHz processor, which is best in class from Intel. Battery back up is more than stated in description. Not heating and not much noise. Overall, worth buying it.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	hello, i use this laptop at few days ... lenovo laptop is really awesome ...... laptop is really fast ..and super smooth.................. and battery life is very good....	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	i am using this laptop for my busness perpose it feels ligtht yet power full but its not for gaming people but the price make it worth dont think twice because it is worth to own it	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	please i suggest to don't buy this laptop from flipkart as they make fool for the product bec they told about 30 days return policy but don't return my laptop as there are many problem in it like touch pad hanging problem, speed of lappy is very slow, even battery backup is not so good. so plz dont be fool to buy this or any laptop online please purchase them from shops even you have power to physically check the system but online they make you fool. I gave flipkart and its product -ve 5 rating.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	please i suggest to don't buy this laptop from flipkart as they make fool for the product bec they told about 30 days return policy but don't return my laptop as there are many problem in it like touch pad hanging problem, speed of lappy is very slow, even battery backup is not so good. so plz dont… (View complete review)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	pros 1.Good laptop in this price range with genuine windows 2.Light weight 3.Registration is also very simple. cons I couldn't find any cons yet	
Lenovo	Lenovo G 50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -59-436419- -SIlver-	when ever i am opening excel or word type of extension it is saying not activated,then why the hell it is installed by default	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-30 Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -80G001NTIN- -Black-	Exelent performance with low price . A Bay Trail Celeron paired with 4 GB of working memory is apt for office and Internet applications. Power consumption is low and run time is around 5:11 h.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-30 Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -80G001NTIN- -Black-	This is an awesome product by lenovo.Everything is smooth and it does not lag at all.The webcam is just ok but you cannot expect more because it is just a vga camera.The battery life is also good.this is one of the best product under 30000 and i will recommend this product to all those who want a budget performance laptop.The only problem was with the delivery that it came 3 days late after the delivery date.But still i will give 5 stars.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-30 Notebook -4th Gen PQC- 4GB- 500GB- Win8-1- -80G001NTIN- -Black-	hiiii guysss i have purchased this laptop and i have been using this laptop since last one week...it is full value to your money this machine is awesome....een though its in low budget segment.. since i have been using it i found this following pross and cons pros 1. good lookiing lppy with ma finsh .. 2. dolby sound is great work of lenovo 3. it has good battery backup.. cons 1. web cam is not of quality over all good laptop i am satisfied i got mind blowing deal from ws seller i got this laptop for 21,990 only i even got free genuin lenovo laptop bag from the ws seller even though it was… hiiii guysss i have purchased this laptop and i have been using this laptop since last one week...it is full value to your money this machine is awesome....een though its in low budget segment.. since i have been using it i found this following pross and cons pros 1. good lookiing lppy with ma finsh .. 2. dolby sound is great work of lenovo 3. it has good battery backup.. cons 1. web cam is not of quality over all good laptop i am satisfied i got mind blowing deal from ws seller i got this laptop for 21,990 only i even got free genuin lenovo laptop bag from the ws seller even though it was not mentioned in the offer..and that is the main reason which motivated me to give 5 star rating review....flpkart just keep it up... i just like your service. (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	- Best configurations like Intel i3, 4gb ram, 1tb harddisk, dolby digital audio with a brand name like Lenovo makes this laptop a perfect buy. - Got the lenovo bag free as promised. - Battery backup 4. 30 hours - Slim and Light Weight. Excellent performance. - The size of this Laptop is bit bigger then other Lapy whose screen size is 15.6... Overall its good and I can recommend this Laptop to everyone whose budget is around 25k.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	- Best configurations like Intel i3, 4gb ram, 1tb harddisk, dolby digital audio with a brand name like Lenovo makes this laptop a perfect buy. - Got the lenovo bag free as promised. - Battery backup 4. 30 hours - Slim and Light Weight. Excellent performance. - The size of this Lapto… (View complete review)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Best performance with low price . Its like the Rajnikant of indian film industry, It has everything performance,looks, durability.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Bought this notebook during the recent flipkart electronics sale with Axis Bank EMI and saved a massive 3500 bucks. Got the lenovo eternity bag free as promised. Delivered within 48 hrs. Thank you Flipkart. The notebook configuration is awesome at this price.The screen clarity & brightness is not that bad as mentioned in several reviews on different websites. Infact its Very good. Speakers with Dolby support are decent with a nice sound. The hotkeys associated with the Function keys are awesome. Even there are direct hot keys for enabling/disabling the mouse pad, on/off the screen display. Th… Bought this notebook during the recent flipkart electronics sale with Axis Bank EMI and saved a massive 3500 bucks. Got the lenovo eternity bag free as promised. Delivered within 48 hrs. Thank you Flipkart. The notebook configuration is awesome at this price.The screen clarity & brightness is not that bad as mentioned in several reviews on different websites. Infact its Very good. Speakers with Dolby support are decent with a nice sound. The hotkeys associated with the Function keys are awesome. Even there are direct hot keys for enabling/disabling the mouse pad, on/off the screen display. The built of the notebook is sturdy and sleek. Has an external recovery button near the charging interface. The only cons I see is the quality of keyboard. It seems inferior but not bad or worse. Rest all is fine. Buying before 30th June from WS Retail qualifies you to 2 yr extended warranty for just 1499 bucks. A must buy if the budget is around 25K. You won't regret it. (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Bought this notebook during the recent flipkart electronics sale with Axis Bank EMI and saved a massive 3500 bucks. Got the lenovo eternity bag free as promised. Delivered within 48 hrs. Thank you Flipkart. The notebook configuration is awesome at this price.The screen clarity & brightness … (View complete review)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	I purchased this laptop on AXIS Bank, 10% off from WS Retailer. Because lenovo providing Extra 2years additional warranty through BTC offer. But i got Invoice with another SR No. I send a mail to Flipkart team for updated invoice, But those busy people without checking my mail send same copy. Lenovo people rejected this offer for me because of incorrect SR No. Again i send mail to Flipkart team with screenshots. They asked One Week time. I dont know why they need one week to contact seller. Still waiting for my invoice.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	I purchased this laptop on AXIS Bank, 10% off from WS Retailer. Because lenovo providing Extra 2years additional warranty through BTC offer. But i got Invoice with another SR No. I send a mail to Flipkart team for updated invoice, But those busy people without checking my mail send same copy. L… (View complete review)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Lenovo G50-70 i brought it for 25500 good deal from flipkart. Battery backup is too low, but i am very much happy on other stuff which lenovo is provided.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Need WS Retail to sell this product Over all Product Good. Best Price for this product	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	This laptop is value for money. But I am having some serious heating issue. When I use this for an hour, the right hand rest area (the larger area to the right of touch pad) is heating up like anything. I have placed a replacement request and waiting since three days. You can go for this laptop. But Check this issue at the earliest. I found on my twentieth day as I did not use more than an hour.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	Worth buying it..Just buy it. It is performing very nice and am fully satisfied with it. Flipkart service is again great ...........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	average product at 25330 the keypad is not satisfactory neither the right and left click button expected a laptop bag alongwith it but didnt receive one the size is bit bigger does not fit into standard lenovo ideapad 15.6'' laptop bag Overall at this price it will do	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	laptop is ok, specs are good but biggest disappointment is keyboard Pros : 1. 4GB RAM 2. 1 TB HDD 3. 1.9 GHz PROCESSOR 4. DECENT SOUND SYSTEM Cons : 1. Keyboard 2. Mousepad	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	no match for price and 1 tb hard disk. i3 4th gen 1.9 ghz no one provides 4 gb ram usually gets in the range of 30000 super slim and elegant design advance dolby sound is worth listening	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- -59-442243- -Black-	very very best model , it is very wonderful performance very reasonable cost pls go and buy . sound system super . charging no problem.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- 2GB Graph- -59-422418- -Black - SLiver-	I order this laptop on 26 may deliverd by flipkart on 28 may 15. I purchase this laptop for official use build quality excellent. Features also excellent. i suggest over HP & Dell for pricing.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-70 Notebook -4th Gen Ci3- 4GB- 1TB- Free DOS- 2GB Graph- -59-422418- -Black - SLiver-	Product is nice. No extra accessories. No bag. For them u hav to pay extra amounts whereas in retail stores, u cn get accessories kit.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	A single word.... Beast...!! Main thing is here it's price with so good configuration.. It's a 5th generation core i5 processor with 5200-u chip.. 1 TB hard disc... 2 GB AMD graphics card with intel 5500 hd graphics on board.. mmmm..what to say more yeah...it's battery life minimum 4 Hrs....guys it's minimum..aftr programming movies games...I tell u..don't think more if u want to have a new lappy in this price range..then just go for it..!! Thanks.. :) !!	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	After all my research work, my search narrowed down to two lenovo laptops - Z50-70 & G50-80 Both had slim built but Z50 was more appealing to me due to its metallic looks. Also, Z50 has a 1080 Full HD panel while G50 is only HD.. But the main difference was that this model has i5 5th Generation while Z50 had i5 4th Gen.. Also, Z50 is priced is higher. Coming to G50-80, I don't have any serious complaint from the laptop. It's good. Boot time is less than 5 seconds. Comes with AMD Radeon for gaming needs. Only trouble is the sound, it has got low sound which I despised. Otherwise no complaints … After all my research work, my search narrowed down to two lenovo laptops - Z50-70 & G50-80 Both had slim built but Z50 was more appealing to me due to its metallic looks. Also, Z50 has a 1080 Full HD panel while G50 is only HD.. But the main difference was that this model has i5 5th Generation while Z50 had i5 4th Gen.. Also, Z50 is priced is higher. Coming to G50-80, I don't have any serious complaint from the laptop. It's good. Boot time is less than 5 seconds. Comes with AMD Radeon for gaming needs. Only trouble is the sound, it has got low sound which I despised. Otherwise no complaints from the laptop (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	Bought during the offer. I would like to review in two segments. 1) Regarding Flipkart and Seller. I bought this from BESTONLINEDEALS seller. They gave me at a great price but I didn't received any Bag. the warranty was also less. on registering it showed only 317 days remaining. Also didn't get freebies from Lenovo. Back to college offer. Contacted Lenovo. They replied THE SELLER IS NOT AUTHORIZED DEALER. ONLY WS RETAIL is AUTHORIZED. Choose vwisely . For the first time flipkart delivered lately. 2) Regarding Product. Very good. Fast and responsive. Windows is genuine. Windows update also gi… Bought during the offer. I would like to review in two segments. 1) Regarding Flipkart and Seller. I bought this from BESTONLINEDEALS seller. They gave me at a great price but I didn't received any Bag. the warranty was also less. on registering it showed only 317 days remaining. Also didn't get freebies from Lenovo. Back to college offer. Contacted Lenovo. They replied THE SELLER IS NOT AUTHORIZED DEALER. ONLY WS RETAIL is AUTHORIZED. Choose vwisely . For the first time flipkart delivered lately. 2) Regarding Product. Very good. Fast and responsive. Windows is genuine. Windows update also giving Windows 10 reserve. Some pre installed Bloat wares comes. Get rid of them. Screen: is good. Bright. Viewing angles are good. Battery: Just awesome. Never seen something like it. Bought this for office use purpose. After lots of research I found that 5th gen Intel processors are a real power efficient. Just normal use is giving 6 hours of back. Literally awesome. Sound: OK. Not extreme. But good. for room environment as it should be. Would be sufficient for movies and games. Speed: Lets face some facts. Generally all laptops have same issues. They may have highest processors and lots of RAM but when we use, it seems like something is missing . the reason is hard drive speed. Its 5200 RPM. Only premium laptops give 7200 RPM. What I am going to do is after warranty expires I will install SSD with the help of a CADDY (Can be bought from ebay 9.5 cm one). This Laptops speed is OK. Get rid of bogus McAfee AV. Heating: Absolutely no heating or vibration no sound for normal use of 6 hours. Really amazed. My Mobile gets heated more for 20 mins use :) Connectivity: USB 3.0 port giving ~ 25 MBPS speed for 3.0 Pendrives. Other connectivity is super. No issues at all. Please update all drivers from website. No driver issues having dedicated VGA card also. Wifi LAN all is good. gaming : Didn't tested any still. Playback: Very smooth. Mouse and KB: OK. Buy separate ones. Another thing. C drive comes with 1 TB . D: with recovery partition. Create a own partition and shrink C: size and add to it. Use 3rd party software. Overall : Worth of money. I compared with ASUS and DELL. Lenovo gives you most of your money at this price range. (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	Flipkart must explicitly write: 1.Lenovo Laptop bag are included in the deal or not!! 2. Along with this model, MS office 365 (one year Free) is included in the box which are available in the market. Flipkart should write office 365 is included in the box or not!! 3. Flipkart MUST write warranty will be provided by whom !! is it Lenovo in this case?	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	I bought this laptop a month ago, and it has been working like a Beast !!! The display quality is fab , The 15.6 inch screen is fit to fulfill your requirements.The 5th gen i5 processor is lightning fast and multi tasking is smooth.The speaker quality is good with the DOLBY sound system.Its not too loud but gives an overall good sound experience. The ATI Graphic chip set does wonders when it comes to gaming.But as the laptop comes pre loaded with windows 8.1, gamers may find it cumbersome as all games are not supported by Win 8.1.No worries about the storage as it comes with 1 TB HDD .The keyp… I bought this laptop a month ago, and it has been working like a Beast !!! The display quality is fab , The 15.6 inch screen is fit to fulfill your requirements.The 5th gen i5 processor is lightning fast and multi tasking is smooth.The speaker quality is good with the DOLBY sound system.Its not too loud but gives an overall good sound experience. The ATI Graphic chip set does wonders when it comes to gaming.But as the laptop comes pre loaded with windows 8.1, gamers may find it cumbersome as all games are not supported by Win 8.1.No worries about the storage as it comes with 1 TB HDD .The keypad panel seems very delicate,so make sure u guys get a wireless keyboard and mouse to fulfill your gaming requirements otherwise you are definitely gonna get your keypad broken in a couple of months. Flipkart doesn't provide a bag with the laptop so that is a bit disappointing . Overall the Laptop is the best at this price range. Go for it !! (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	I was d first customer to buy diz lappy at Mysore nd i'm proud dat i'm wid d best config. nd i suggest al odrz out der to go fo it ..	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	It is a good laptop, but only thing i din like is Warranty already started from 18th March whereas i bought this laptop in 8th May :( ..but warranty is of 1 yr and 1 mnth so its fine.. Bag is good , yes i did get a bag. Specs are good, latest 5th gen i5 , boot takes seconds .. for now battery is good already its been around 5 hours and battery is 32% , lets c how it behaves later, *Touch-Wood* :) Edit 1: I have contacted Lenovo and they have updated my warranty .. and a piece of advice.. only Buy from WS Retail else no warranty from Lenovo.. Edit 2: Things which are not mentioned here are … It is a good laptop, but only thing i din like is Warranty already started from 18th March whereas i bought this laptop in 8th May :( ..but warranty is of 1 yr and 1 mnth so its fine.. Bag is good , yes i did get a bag. Specs are good, latest 5th gen i5 , boot takes seconds .. for now battery is good already its been around 5 hours and battery is 32% , lets c how it behaves later, *Touch-Wood* :) Edit 1: I have contacted Lenovo and they have updated my warranty .. and a piece of advice.. only Buy from WS Retail else no warranty from Lenovo.. Edit 2: Things which are not mentioned here are these: 1. It has 1 year ADP Warranty also It has international warranty too. 2. Bag does come with this (Expand)	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	Its costlier .. but worth it.. coz 2.2GHz beat 1.6GHz any day .. Good packaging. It also comes up with Lenovo backpack which was not mentioned on website.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	Received the laptop very fast. Well-packaged. The laptop is slim, attractive. Get a gorgeous laptop bag too Thank you Flipkart - WS Retails very much.	
Lenovo	Lenovo G50-80 Notebook -5th Gen Ci5- 4GB- 1TB- Win8-1- 2GB Graph- -80E501LRIN- -Black-	Screen Size is really good(15.6) and laptop is very slim type.The speaker quality is good with the DOLBY sound system.Its not too loud but gives an overall good sound experience.	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	Build quality is good but disappointed with Windows 8 speed in this laptop. Takes long to open programs and even to shut down	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	I bought this Laptop not from Flipkart but a nearby shop, at Rs 27k. And i found it worth the Money. Features that attracted me : -> Windows 8, original -> Speaker Sound Quality -> Gesture Control ( Its Fun :) ) -> Good looks -> Sony onsite support for 1 year. Thought there are some issues with this laptop when you switch it on first. Like , the OS is 64 bit and has tons of pre-running apps. And with just 2G DDR3 RAM, it seems to lag a bit. So, close some non useful apps, free some RAM and that will boost performance. I owned a HP pavilion dv5 1104tu, before this, which costed me around 51… I bought this Laptop not from Flipkart but a nearby shop, at Rs 27k. And i found it worth the Money. Features that attracted me : -> Windows 8, original -> Speaker Sound Quality -> Gesture Control ( Its Fun :) ) -> Good looks -> Sony onsite support for 1 year. Thought there are some issues with this laptop when you switch it on first. Like , the OS is 64 bit and has tons of pre-running apps. And with just 2G DDR3 RAM, it seems to lag a bit. So, close some non useful apps, free some RAM and that will boost performance. I owned a HP pavilion dv5 1104tu, before this, which costed me around 51k . With half the cost, i am not expecting twice the performance. But, it has AMD 5545M , Quad Core CPU, which is more than enough for my requirements . Though its only 1.7Ghz frequency, it can turbo upto 2.7 Ghz :) Plus AMD Radeon HD 8510G Graphics adds to its advantage . Hot Laptop overl all ( Features as well as the temp, since AMD CPU are a littler hotter than Intel ) (Expand)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	Its been since 1 year using this laptop, mainly for gaming purpose which it manages pretty well.Upgrading ram on this machine can do wonders! As AMD did pretty great job with their APU's, Its very efficient and performs very well.I usually compare it with my i5 4th generation! Also GPU is far more better than its CPU which beats my NVIDIA GT-620 easily! Only underlining failure of this machine is caused by its stock ram which i upgraded immediately to 6gb i.e (2gb stock + 4gb). Some Pros and Cons are as follows:- PROS- 1- Good for regular gaming (GTA 5 , Far Cry 4 woks excellent) 2- Battery b… Its been since 1 year using this laptop, mainly for gaming purpose which it manages pretty well.Upgrading ram on this machine can do wonders! As AMD did pretty great job with their APU's, Its very efficient and performs very well.I usually compare it with my i5 4th generation! Also GPU is far more better than its CPU which beats my NVIDIA GT-620 easily! Only underlining failure of this machine is caused by its stock ram which i upgraded immediately to 6gb i.e (2gb stock + 4gb). Some Pros and Cons are as follows:- PROS- 1- Good for regular gaming (GTA 5 , Far Cry 4 woks excellent) 2- Battery backup was excellent despite of having 4 cell battery. 3- Hardly heats up.Even fan woks occasionally. 4- Great Wifi connectivity. 5- Screen quality is dosen't seems like 720p.Its some what between 720p and 1080p. 6-Sound of this laptop is just as awesome as boombox! 7- Sleek and stylish. CONS - 1-Not so built to last quality, plastic is prone to scratches but fit and finish is good unlike asus or acer. 2- No backlit keyboard. 3- Comes with only 2gb stock ram which makes laptop slow as hell. 4- Like xperia phones it comes with pre installed softwares which are usless and makes computer slow.(I uninstalled them). 5-Don't expect any costumer service from Sony as Vaio is now separate in India. So, People who want everything in tight budget bracket go for it.It got enough juice equal to machine double its price! I highly recommend this machine! (Expand)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	Its been since 1 year using this laptop, mainly for gaming purpose which it manages pretty well.Upgrading ram on this machine can do wonders! As AMD did pretty great job with their APU's, Its very efficient and performs very well.I usually compare it with my i5 4th generation! Also GPU is far more b… (View complete review)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	Sony has stopped its IT business and now its no longer in the field of laptop manufacturing. The result is that there will a lack of service and shortage of the product parts which are very essential. So go for HP, Asus and Lenovo..	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	The laptop is DISGUSTING. It just doesn't work, massively MASSIVELY slow. I felt like cheated after buying this laptop. Mostly laptops hang for sometime while working but this laptop works for few seconds and remains hanged throughout the day. It is better to make a Raavan out of the 28 thousand rupee notes and burn them than buying this laptop. If you are still planning to buy it then either you are rich spoiled kid who doesn't care about 28K or you just smoked some high quality stuff. I am telling you there is more chance of sailing across pacific successfully on a paper boat than making t… The laptop is DISGUSTING. It just doesn't work, massively MASSIVELY slow. I felt like cheated after buying this laptop. Mostly laptops hang for sometime while working but this laptop works for few seconds and remains hanged throughout the day. It is better to make a Raavan out of the 28 thousand rupee notes and burn them than buying this laptop. If you are still planning to buy it then either you are rich spoiled kid who doesn't care about 28K or you just smoked some high quality stuff. I am telling you there is more chance of sailing across pacific successfully on a paper boat than making this product work. No refund policy and non-cooperative flipkart executives will hurt you the most. (Expand)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	This is an excellent product.The only concern is 2gb ram if u just upgrade to 4gb or more the laptop becomes an rocket launcher. Trust me it is a very very cool laptop with dedicated graphic card also with gesture controls u can increase or decrease volume change web pages without touching the laptop. This is my personal experience with the product. A8 quad core is equivalent to i5 4 Gen. No other company can match this price with these configuration.	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	Very poor customer Service from Flipkart .Have been running after flipkart from 23rd to replace the laptop due to various problems like Dead Pixel ,Overheating , Slow ....But it has been 10 days and they are only escalating the issue to concerned department and the department guys are in deep sleep. Wake UP !!!! flipkart before you lose the battle with Amazon.	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	bought 2 of these laptops for normal use,to browse net ,for music and movies not for gaming ,buissness graphics etc and found these laptops to be extremely slow,but the screen,and the sound from the speakers are effective for it comes with a sub woofer built in.The performance is an issue but can be resolved by doing an RAM upgrade to 4gb which is a permanent solution but you are spending again on a laptop which you will use for 2-3 years.The laptop comes with windows 8* 64bit single language [OEM]There is no compromise in quality but the performance is an issue.The laptop would function much … bought 2 of these laptops for normal use,to browse net ,for music and movies not for gaming ,buissness graphics etc and found these laptops to be extremely slow,but the screen,and the sound from the speakers are effective for it comes with a sub woofer built in.The performance is an issue but can be resolved by doing an RAM upgrade to 4gb which is a permanent solution but you are spending again on a laptop which you will use for 2-3 years.The laptop comes with windows 8* 64bit single language [OEM]There is no compromise in quality but the performance is an issue.The laptop would function much better on normal usage.For the price it is a value laptop. (Expand)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	bought 2 of these laptops for normal use,to browse net ,for music and movies not for gaming ,buissness graphics etc and found these laptops to be extremely slow,but the screen,and the sound from the speakers are effective for it comes with a sub woofer built in.The performance is an issue but can be… (View complete review)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	i baught this laptop 2 onths ago. and till today it is just a pain for me , i have upgraded its ram from 2gb to 6 gb, but still its hangs a lot , i consulted service centre for this issue , they even replaced my hard drive. but still the issue is there. i just wanna admit that it is the other mistak… (View complete review)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	i'm going to give this product 1 star and let me clear that it's not for flipkart. flipkart is always awesome. i'm myself businessman IT'S MY VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH SONY WHAT I WANT TO SHARE WITH ALL OF YOU SO YOU PEOPLE NOT GET CHEAT LIKE ME IN FUTURE this 1 star is for sony and their cheap products. i've purchased 2013 model ultrabook SVT13125CNS from local sony show room. after year my warranty get expired and just after 1 week from warranty expiration. my laptop goes sleep while i was doing important work on it. Then i visited sony care and i was surprised when i visited sony care when… i'm going to give this product 1 star and let me clear that it's not for flipkart. flipkart is always awesome. i'm myself businessman IT'S MY VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH SONY WHAT I WANT TO SHARE WITH ALL OF YOU SO YOU PEOPLE NOT GET CHEAT LIKE ME IN FUTURE this 1 star is for sony and their cheap products. i've purchased 2013 model ultrabook SVT13125CNS from local sony show room. after year my warranty get expired and just after 1 week from warranty expiration. my laptop goes sleep while i was doing important work on it. Then i visited sony care and i was surprised when i visited sony care when they said me to change my mother board of Rs.40,000 what the hell >_< small power problem and they said me to change my motherboard. when ask for warranty expansion they said there is not such schemes in sony which is another shocking thing for me. sony do not providing warranty expansion like other brands do like dell,hp,lenovo etc. then i come to know that it's a part of their cheap policy. now i know the truth that sony are one of the biggest cheater company in the world because it's the part of their cheap policy that after warranty expiration if you visit them they will ask you to replace mother board. it doesn't means whatever your problem is but you has to change your motherboard after warranty expiration which is very costly(almost new laptop price). I was there in sony care 6 customers was waiting outside with different problems after warranty expiration but only one solution for all of them. Replace mother board. so that means sony are always interested to looting money from you and never give you better service. so at the last i want to say DON't BUY ANY SONY PRODUCT AND BE SAFE REASON FOR NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT => Cheap policy to replace motherboard after warranty expiration. doesn;t matter whatever your problem is. => No warranty expansion available in sony like other brands. so they can looting money from you easily by forcing you to change your motherboard. => Very costly compare to top models of other brands. => If you hate cheaters. (Expand)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	i'm going to give this product 1 star and let me clear that it's not for flipkart. flipkart is always awesome. i'm myself businessman IT'S MY VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH SONY WHAT I WANT TO SHARE WITH ALL OF YOU SO YOU PEOPLE NOT GET CHEAT LIKE ME IN FUTURE this 1 star is for sony… (View complete review)	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	use with 4gb ram,after dat it will be give best perfomance of u,it sound quality is much btr than other hp and dell and other product graphics is also btr than other product u dnt need to be extrnl graphics card for any game looks attractive and perfomance is also fast but after purchase this product use 4 gb ram,and amd is best copair than i3 so try again and used 4 gb ram	
Sony	Sony VAIO Fit 15E SVF15413SNB Laptop -APU Quad Core A8- 2GB- 500GB- Win8- -Black-	use with 4gb ram,after dat it will be give best perfomance of u,it sound quality is much btr than other hp and dell and other product graphics is also btr than other product u dnt need to be extrnl graphics card for any game looks attractive and perfomance is also fast but after purcha… (View complete review)	
Toshiba	Toshiba Satellite C50-B E0010 Notebook -4th Gen CDC- 2GB- 500GB- DOS- -Black-	it is ok working fine,,but not for heavy work..battery is also not so long lasting, display is not so great, speed is normal, i would say ita an average laptop,,,but quite value for money	
Toshiba	Toshiba Satellite C50D-A 40012 Notebook -APU Quad Core A4- 4GB- 500GB- No OS- -Pearl White-	A fine product from Toshiba for a very good price... it would have been gr8 with multiple colour options (atleast black)	
